Servants of the Abyss Order that use Hydro in combat.
Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents
These silent figures are the vanguard of the Abyss, brandishing Tidal Blades that can engulf everything in an instant, crumpling armor and obliterating heretics. They shall bring preordained damnation upon the foolish masses.
Performs a series of slash attacks, within the Hydro shield form the slashing pattern will change.
Raises both arms before unleashing a cross-shaped water projectile towards the player. If hit by this projectile, the Elemental Skill & Burst of the active character will have their on-going cooldown increased by 6 seconds.
Conjures one or two concentrated water projectiles with its blades and fires them forward.
After falling to 20% health, the Abyss Herald will remove its remaining health to imbue itself with a powerful Hydro shield. Breaking this shield will kill the Herald. Once the shield is activated, nearby players are knocked back from the Herald and damaged. The Herald also gains new/upgraded attacks when it is equipped with the Hydro shield.
Turns into a spinning wheel and charges at the player. The number of charges the Abyss Herald will perform depends on how much health it has left. If the Herald is above 50% health, it only lunges once at the player. If the Herald is below 50% health, it lunges twice. In Hydro shield form, it will lunge three times. If the Hydro shield is below half strength, it will lunge four times.
Slashes the air numerous times with its blade before unleashing 8 Hydro projectiles in a circular pattern. This attack is only used when the Herald is in its Hydro shield form. If hit by any of those projectiles, the Elemental Skill & Burst of the active character will have their on-going cooldown increased by 6 seconds.
Wielders of abyssal fire who pursue the meaning behind texts and scriptures. Is a member of the Abyss Order.
Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames
The surface people have a slightly distorted understanding of what their name means, calling them "Lectors," when their name can also mean "exegete." Reading the word of grace grants them great power.
Destroying Darkfire Furnace deals 12GU damage to the Pyro shield.
When certain attacks by the Abyss Lector deal DMG to the player, they will apply the Brand of the Abyssal Flame status to the player. Shortly after being applied, the Brand of Abyssal Flame expires, dealing True DMG to the entire party. Although shields and dash i-frames can stop the status from being applied, they cannot negate the DMG dealt once it has already been applied. The on-field character can negate this DMG to themselves using Elemental Burst i-frames, but off-field characters will be damaged regardless. Off-field characters will not be damaged below 15% Max HP by this ability.
Conjures a large fireball which it throws at the player, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Summons 5 small flares above itself before shooting them at the player, dealing Pyro DMG.
When a character strays near to the Abyss Lector, it will release a powerful infernal wave around itself, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Summons 3 bursts of flame to flare up from the ground, dealing AoE Pyro DMG applying Brand of the Abyssal Flame to players who take DMG from this attack. This attack is used twice in a row when the Lector is shielded.
After its health falls below a certain threshold, the Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames will imbue itself with a powerful Pyro shield, providing it immunity to all DMG until its shield is broken. The shield is weakest to Hydro. Upon the shield's activation, deals AoE Pyro DMG in a large area around itself and causing heavy knockback. The Abyss Lector also gains new/upgraded attacks when shielded.
The Lector will immediately be defeated after its shield has been destroyed, even though it still has HP remaining.
Darkfire Meteor: Summons a meteor to crash into the ground, dealing AoE Pyro DMG and leaving behind a Darkfire Furnace. Destroying the Darkfire Furnace before it expires will partly deplete the Lector's shield. This attack is only used when in the Hellfire Haven state.
The Fathomless Flames: Summons many bursts of flame to flare up form the ground for the entire duration of the Darkfire Furnace, dealing AoE Pyro DMG and applying the Brand of the Abyssal Flame to players who take DMG from this attack. This attack is used always and only immediately after casting Darkfire Meteor.
A monster who serves the Abyss Order and commands lightning while singing the praises of the darkness.
Abyss Lector: Violet Lightning
These are the evangelists and the scholars of the Abyss. Their violent lightning strikes the hearts of unbelievers with dark wisdom, warped by the shadowy depths of an eternal night, its violet glow proclaiming the existence of a great power that corrodes human intellect.
Summons a falling bolt of Electro Energy to strike its foe. When below 50% HP it will summon 2 bolts consecutively. When its shield is active it will summon 3 bolts consecutively. The visual indicator for this attack will appear at the active character's feet.
Conjures a wave of lightning bolts striking down in a line towards the player. When its shield is active, it will unleash two waves of lightning at once, usually from different directions but sometimes in a straight line.
When a character strays near to the Abyss Lector, it will implode itself with a powerful electromagnetic blast.
After falling to 20% health, the Abyss Lector will remove its remaining health to imbue itself with a powerful Electro shield. Breaking this shield will kill the Lector. Once the shield is activated, nearby players are knocked back from the Lector and damaged. The Lector also gains new/upgraded attacks when it is equipped with the Electro shield.
Conjures 3 Electro Orbs that launch towards the player's current position. If hit by these Orbs, your party's Energy will be depleted by a flat amount unless they're protected by a shield.
Summons many Electro Orbs around itself, after a short delay the Orbs will be sent out in all directions and then stop for a second before exploding. This attack is only used when the Lector has entered the Electro Shield form. If hit by any of these Orbs will drain the active character's Energy by a flat amount unless they're protected by a shield.
They are able to harness elemental energy from the Ley Lines of Teyvat and use that power towards their group's goal of overthrowing the world ruled by the archons.
All abyss mages share the same weakspot on their Head, note that this weakspot is disabled while protected by their Elemental shield.
Cryo Abyss Mage
Though they dabble with great power and can even create icicles by condensing and freezing water vapor in the atmosphere, their bodies are very vulnerable in and of themselves. Once their protective barrier has been broken, they are at your mercy.
Hurls an ice shard towards the player.
Teleports closer to the player, the teleport can hurt the player if close enough.
Summons an icycle 3 times, consecutively, that fall on a location which attempts to predict the player's movement.
Starts dancing inside 2 rings of 3 cycling icycles, an inner smaller and slower ring, and a larger, faster, outer ring, at the end it'll create an explosion and re-shield itself. This is the only attack that happens once the mage is unshielded.
Electro Abyss Mage
While studying at the Akademiya, researcher Alva Nicolai once conducted a systematic study of the Electro model used by the Electro Abyss Mage and came up with a theoretical weapon known as the Nicolai Coil. But it has yet to be put into practice. Some said his research materials were eaten during the flood of fungi.
Hurls an electric sphere towards the player.
Teleports closer to the player, the teleport can hurt the player if close enough.
Creates an Energy field around it's self.
Starts dancing while continuously summoning waves of 4 Orbs that will fly outwards, alternating between an X and cross shape, at the end it'll create an explosion and re-shield itself. This is the only attack that happens once the mage is unshielded.
Hydro Abyss Mage
Stories circulate among adventurers that Abyss Mages are at the lowest rung of the Abyss Order's hierarchy and that they roam the various lands to scheme fell deeds of destruction. Though they also often make fun of these Abyss Mages, saying that the most harm they can do is to cause rheumatism or a common cold, their power is not to be underestimated.
Hurls a water bubble towards the player.
Teleports closer to the player, the teleport can hurt the player if close enough.
Creates a homing bubble that will slowly follow the player until either being popped, entrapping a player or an enemy. If the bubble comes in contact with an entity, it will trap them for a period of time, rendering them unable to do anything.
Starts dancing in a bubble bath around it's self, some of the bubbles will be the type that can trap entities but will not home in, they will simply fly upwards, at the end it'll create an explosion and re-shield itself. This is the only attack that happens once the mage is unshielded.
Pyro Abyss Mage
For unknown reasons, Abyss Mages are able to communicate with the hilichurls, thus enabling them to manipulate their minds easily. They say that Abyss Mages utter a long-forgotten language from which they draw magical power.
Creates a path of flame that will slowly traverse towards the player.
Teleports closer to the player, the teleport can hurt the player if close enough.
Summons 3 fiery skulls that will breath fire in a triangle shape multiple times.
Starts dancing and summoning flame geysers around himself, at the end it'll create an explosion and re-shield itself. This is the only attack that happens once the mage is unshielded.
General Reaction Mechanics
Catalyze Reactions Do Not Snapshot EM
EM doesnt snapshot for the new Additive Reactions (Spread and Aggravate).
The Kazuha is C2. As seen in the video, Dendro MC Burst tick damage while standing in Kazuhas Burst ring is 2467 (EM buff applied) and drops to 2103 once taken out of the field.
Since DMC is Lv. 50, she doesnt have her A4 unlocked.
This helps us better understand the new Additive Reactions introduced with Dendro.
Quicken and Spread Can Be Triggered at the Same Time
A Dendro attack can trigger both Quicken and Spread at the same time if the enemy already has a Quicken and Electro aura.
Understanding Dendro reactions better.
Quicken, Spread, and Aggravate.
All Elemental Reactions between Dendro and Electro are called Catalyze, which include Quicken, Spread, and Aggravate.
For both Spread and Aggravate, EM does not snapshot.
For more information on the damage dealt by Catalyze Reactions, see the Damage Formula page.
Quicken is a non-damaging Additive Reaction triggered by applying Dendro on a target already afflicted with Electro or vice versa. The first-stage reaction does not deal any damage, it instead leaves a Quicken aura on the target for the next Dendro or Electro attack to trigger Spread or Aggravate respectively.
The Quicken aura can co-exist with Electro, Dendro, or Cryo; and acts as a Dendro aura when being reacted with Pyro or Hydro. When triggering Quicken, both Dendro and Electro gauges are consumed with a 1:1 ratio.
The duration of the Quicken aura depends on both the Dendro and Electro gauge, and is calculated as follows:
Spread is a second-stage Additive Reaction triggered by applying Dendro to a Quicken aura, dealing Dendro DMG. Since it is an Additive Reaction, it's added as Flat Damage to the attack that triggers the Spread. The reaction itself does not have an ICD, so how often it can be triggered depends on the ICD of the Dendro attack that triggers it.
A Dendro attack can trigger both Quicken and Spread at the same time if the enemy already has a Quicken and Electro aura.
Aggravate is a second-stage Additive Reaction triggered by applying Electro to a Quicken aura, dealing Electro DMG. It is calculated in the same way as Spread, but with 1.15 as the Reaction Multiplier as opposed to 1.25 like Spread. The reaction itself does not have an ICD, so how often it can be triggered depends on the ICD of the Electro attack that triggers it.
How to ARCC
Aimed R-Cancel Charged Shot (ARCC) is an animation cancel technique that removes all ending animation frames after firing a charged shot with bow characters. It is performed by firing a shot on the same frame that you exit aim toggle mode.
To do ARCC: First, enter aim mode via aim toggle (R on PC, aim button on mobile, L2/LT/ZL on controller).
PC and Mobile: Tap the Aim key (R) on the same frame you release Attack (M1).
Controller: Release both the Aim button and the Attack button on the same frame.
ARCC is easier to do at 30 FPS, as the frame lengths are longer.
ARCC shots have some quirks that are different from normal charged shots:
When out of normal attack range from any targets, ARCC shots have a fixed height, regardless of how high or low the player aims.
When within normal attack range of a target, ARCC shots will fire toward the target. (see arcc-autotarget )
Non-C6 Ganyu, Yoimiya, and Aloy are unable to fire a fully-charged ARCC shot. They will always get a Physical charged shot, regardless of charge level before release.
C6 Ganyu can fire a fully-charged ARCC after using her Skill.
Fluff: Some characters will stay winking after ARCC
Basic ARCC demonstration: Imgur
Yoimiya (failed) ARCC: YouTube
ARCC is the fastest known method for shooting a charged shot. When done rapidly, it can be a significant DPS increase. However, ARCC is very difficult to perform, being off by even just a single frame will result in either no shot fired, or being stuck in aim mode for a long amount of time.
ARCC auto target
ARCC shots will autotarget objects when within range. This range is the same as the character's normal attack tracking range.
Targeting on a Pyro flower: Imgur
Targeting vs an enemy: Imgur
Gully charged ARCC follows same rules: Imgur
Breaking Cryo regisvine core backwards: Imgur
Unable to headshot Lawachurl, you can see the shot go to his left leg: Imgur
When within autoattacking range of an enemy, where you aim does not matter for ARCC. This is both good and bad. Good is that you don't have to aim in certain scenarios. Bad is that you are unable to headshot certain enemies with ARCC due to autotargeting.
Hold M1 Double Shot
Some characters are able to fire a second CA after doing hold M1 CA shot. This second shot has the same properties as ARCC shots.
Confirmed to work on Venti, Diona, Tartaglia, and Yoimiya. No theorycrafters were able to get it to work on other bow characters, yet.
The sequence to perform this tech is:
Hold M1 ->
release M1 (fires first CA) ->
hold M1 again before the camera zooms out ->
release M1 at the same exact time the camera begins to zoom out (fires second CA)
Consistently possible at 30fps, very difficult at 60fps.
Diona at 60 FPS: Imgur
Venti (credit to): Imgur
Tartaglia (credit to): YouTube
Proof that second shot is ARCC:
Has same targeting as ARCC: Imgur
Second shot has CA damage: YouTube
Straight DPS increase for bow attack strings that use hold M1 CAs (assuming it is one of the characters that can do this), as the extra shot theoretically does not add any more frames to the attack string.
Aimed Dash/Jump Cancel Charged Shot
Shooting a Charged Shot and dashing/jumping in quick succession results in an autoaimed arrow -- a variation of ARCC. The arrow fired has the same properties as ARCC.
I have 20 resin.
Methods to cancel various animations involving Aimed Shot mode
For bow characters, Aimed Shot mode is used to shoot Charged Attacks (CAs). There are several techniques involving this mode that can increase the rate that these characters shoot both CAs and Normal Attacks (NAs).
Aim Toggle / R Mode
PC/Mobile: Tap Aim Toggle (R on PC), press and release Attack (M1) to shoot. Tap R again when finished shooting.
Controller: Hold Aim Toggle (L2/LT), press and release Attack (R2/RT) to shoot. Release Aim Toggle when finished shooting.
Aim Toggle is an easy method to shoot CAs, but there is a lengthy recovery animation after each CA.
Hold Cancel / M1 Cancel
PC/Mobile/Controller: Hold Attack for at least 200 ms, release to shoot. Repeat.
Hold Cancels take time to enter Aimed Shot mode, but have a significantly shorter recovery animation. CAs can be shot at a faster rate than with Aim Toggle.
PC/Mobile/Controller: Shoot a CA with either Aim Toggle or Hold Attack, then dash after the CA is shot. Repeat.
Dash Cancels shoot CAs at a similar rate to Hold Cancels, trading stamina for increased mobility and i-frames.
An important note about Dash Canceling CAs is that if the dash happens on the same frame that the CA is shot, that CA will have the properties of ARCC (see below). To avoid getting an ARCC, dash at least 1 frame after shooting a CA.
PC/Mobile: Perform a Hold Cancel CA. When the character exits aim mode, immediately tap Aim. Shoot a CA, and then dash. Repeat from the beginning.
Controller: Perform a Hold Cancel CA. When the character exits aim mode, immediately hold L2. Shoot a CA, and then dash. Repeat from the beginning.
M1-R combines Hold and Dash Cancels to slightly increase the rate of fire over both methods.
ARCC: Aimed R-Cancel Charged
PC/Mobile: Tap Aim, then hold Attack. On the same frame, release Attack and tap Aim.
Controller: Hold L2, then hold R2. On the same frame, release both L2 and R2.
ARCC is a frame-perfect tech that cancels all recovery animations after each CA, allowing the character to perform any action immediately after.
It has some quirks that are different from normal CAs:
When out of Normal Attack range from the target, ARCC shots have a fixed height, regardless of how high or low the player aims.
When within Normal Attack range of a target, ARCC shots will fire toward the target.
This can also happen with regular Dash Cancel or jump cancelled shots when done frame-perfectly.
Non-C6 Ganyu, Yoimiya, and Aloy cannot shoot an Elemental ARCC. They will always get a Physical CA, regardless of charge level before release.
C6 Ganyu can shoot an Elemental ARCC after using her Skill.
M1RCC: Hold M1 R-Cancel Charged
PC/Mobile: Hold Attack for at least 200ms. On the same frame, release Attack and tap Aim.
Controller: Hold R2 and L2 at the same time, or hold R2, and then L2. On the same frame, release both L2 and R2.
M1RCC is a variation of ARCC that enters Aim mode with hold Attack instead of Aim Toggle. This tech is slower than ARCC, but can be easier to perform, though still difficult as it has frame-perfect inputs.
PC/Mobile: Tap the Aim key twice quickly.
Controller: Hold and release L2 quickly.
RR is a type of aim cancel that is typically used to cancel Normal Attack (NA) animations, not CA animations.
The speed at which RR can be done varies by character.
These characters can RR faster while moving: Amber, Fischl, Tartaglia, Diona, Sara, Aloy.
These characters can perform instant RR: Venti, Ganyu, Yoimiya, Gorou.
Only works on Venti, Tartaglia, Diona, Yoimiya, Gorou
PC/Mobile/Controller: Hold and release Attack to shoot a CA. During the recovery frames before the camera zooms out, hold Attack, and then release on the frame that the camera zooms out. When done correctly, a second CA is shot.
Some characters can shoot a second CA after doing a Hold Cancel. The second CA has the same properties as ARCC.
Aimed Shot damage and GU dropoff is based on the amount of time that the arrow travels in the air.
For the first 0.7s, there is no damage dropoff.
After 0.7s, every 0.05s:
The damage will reduce by 10%, for a maximum of a 90% reduction.
The Gauge Units will reduce by 10%, for a maximum of a 90% reduction.
Imgur: arrow travels for 55 frames (13 frames of dropoff), DMG and GU reduction should be 40%; DMG was reduced from 2006 to 1204, Cryo aura lasted for 8.5s which lines up with the formula (0.62.5+7).
Imgur: arrow travels for 50 frames (8 frames of dropoff), DMG and GU reduction is expected to be 20%; DMG reduced from 2319 to 1855, aura lasted for exactly 9 seconds (2.50.8+7).
Imgur: 63 frames travel time (21 frames of dropoff), DMG reduction is as expected 70% (2350 -> 705).
Imgur: arrow travels for 96 frames (54 frames of dropoff), DMG was reduced from 2350 to 235, aura lasted for 7s 19 frames which is roughly in line with 0.1GU's duration (2.5+0.1+7=7.25s), proof that DMG dropoff caps at 90%.
Better understanding of Aimed Shot dropoff.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Dimensions of Albedos Elemental Skill AoE
Albedo's E AoE is cylindrical and has a maximum height just over the elevator's height.
Linked video showcases different flower positions on a wall and confirming if Albedo's E will proc. Attached Screenshot shows relative distance from a shadow on the wall.
There was no point where it was possible to proc E underneath the flower versus on the outermost part of the AoE supporting that it is Cylindrical and not Spherical.
It is possible to place Albedo's flower in an elevated position to avoid it getting destroyed.
I've experienced placing Albedo's flower on top of Electro Hypostasis' summons during its death phase and it remained suspended after the summon was destroyed. This may be replicated in Albedo + Zhong teams with Zhong's pillar however I cannot test this as I do not own Zhong.
Albedo's Elemental Skill Snapshots
Finding: Albedo's Elemental Skill snapshots, meaning that damage for its entire duration is calculated when the Skill is cast, so any buffs gained/lost after the Skill is cast will not affect the Skill's damage.
Albedo's Skill does not get affected by Ningguang's Jade Screen buff, since Albedo cast the Skill before walking through the screen.
Will help improve rotations to deal more damage. In rotations, Albedo should only cast his Skill after getting buffed.
Albedo's Elemental Skill Triggering is Pepega
Albedo's Solar Isotoma procs the Transient Blossoms when enemies take damage (client-side).
Triggers offline (client-side) and from talents, reactions, and environmental damage - YouTube #1, YouTube #2, YouTube #3
Albedo's on-damage effect appears to trigger client-side and from all sources of damage, unlike most other on-damage effects.
Albedo's Fatal Blossoms Snapshots when his E is cast, not his Q
Albedo's Fatal Blossom damage is based on stats snapshotted when his E is cast, not at the time of Q cast
E without snapshotting Bennett Q: Imgur
Fatal blossom damage (noncrit): 88
E with snapshotting Bennett Q: Imgur
Fatal blossom damage (noncrit): 503
Stats remain constant in each scenario. Only difference is order of bennett Q and albedo E. Fatal blossoms in first clip deal 88 damage, while in the second they are 503.
Specific Attack Calcs: Google Sheet
This is similar to Ningguang's Q, where the gems from the screen have their stats taken from the E's Screen.
To maximize Albedo Q damage, E should snapshot any attack buffs, as otherwise the fatal blossoms will not gain damage. Also shows why in my testing, fatal blossoms do not gain mistsplitter stacks.
A4: Homuncular Nature
Albedo A4 Triggers During Q Animation
Albedo's A4 buff starts in the middle of his Q animation when the Geo structure appears in front of him. The buff timer starts at the same time and ends 10s after.
In this video, the buff indicator only appeared in the middle of the animation, once the structure appears in front of Albedo.
In this video, the Burst animation started at 21f, and the buff indicators appeared at 105f, before the Burst animation ended (whic takes a total of 96f).
The A4 buff lasts 10s from the time the buff indicator appears, this is true for both videos.
This info can help in rotation crafting, where people would need to know how long Albedo's A4 Passive lasts, which is 10s after Geo structure from his Burst appears.
Albedo Cinnabar Spindle Buffs Both Hits of E N1 Combo
The Cinnabar Spindle's passive seems to linger more than the 0.1s as stated in its description, leaving room for Albedo to perform a Skill > Normal Attack combo and have both hits be buffed by Spindle's Additive Base DMG Bonus.
The weapon description of the Cinnabar Spindle reads:
"Elemental Skill DMG is increased by 80% of DEF. The effect will be triggered no more than once every 1.5s and will be cleared 0.1s after the Elemental Skill deals DMG."
With this explanation, since 0.1s is very short (<6 frames for 60FPS), one might assume that even if Albedo performs a quick Normal Attack (N1) after casting his Elemental Skill (E), the first Transient Blossom will not receive the Spindle buff. However, testings have shown that this is not the case.
Testing sheet: Google Sheets
Out of 53 runs where Albedo casted his Elemental Skill then quickly followed up with a Normal Attack, 39(74%) had the Transient Blossom that triggered also buffed by Spindle's passive. This became more consistent as the tester had gotten more used to the practice.
However, it is worth noting that in 19 additional runs where Albedo, with his Solar Isotoma already present, performed a Normal Attack > Skill > Normal Attack combo (N1 E N1), none of the runs managed to have the Spindle buffed either the Skill cast damage or the 2nd Transient Blossom damage. Since this is a common tech in use to allow Albedo to trigger 2 Blossoms bypassing the 2s cooldown, it sadly makes the slightly longer time window irrelevant in combat, except the very first Transient Blossom when Albedo has not placed a Solar Isotoma yet.
It is also worthy noting that the initial tests were done with a high ping, mobile environment. A few follow up tests were done in a 60FPS setting with ~135ms, which produced consistent Spindle proc up till ~0.5s delay between the initial E hit and the Normal Attack. A third series of testing done in ~20ms ping has failed to produce a single successful Spindle proc after 21 trials, suggesting that this Spindle proc tech is in fact most likely only achievable with high ping.
By performing a quick Normal Attack right after placing his Elemental Skill, Albedo is often able to get one extra proc of the Cinnabar Spindle Additive Base DMG increase buff at the beginning of combat. However, this result is only consistently observed when the ping of the players device is high.
A genius known as the Kreideprinz, he is the Chief Alchemist and Captain of the Investigation Team of the Knights of Favonius.
Albedo Mains Discord
Albedo Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Casting other constructs above Solar Isotoma will cause the construct to Shatter.
The area of Solar Isotoma that can generate Transient Blossoms is cylindrical and has a maximum height just above the elevator's maximum lift.
The DMG dealt by Transient Blossoms is snapshotted, so any buffs gained/lost after casting Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma will not affect its damage.
Albedo can one extra proc of the Cinnabar Spindle passive with E N1, but this only occurs at high ping.
The 7 Fatal Blossoms that are generated will each target one enemy each and excess blossoms will spawn randomly within the Solar Isotoma field with more weighting toward the center.
Fatal Blossoms DMG snapshot on Solar Isotoma cast.
Albedo's Burst has 220 idle i-frames (3.7s).
The buff is triggered during the Q animation when the Geo structures first appear in front of Albedo.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets , Video
Skill cast(both Tap and Hold): 1U - Video
Tap E: None - Video
Burst: Standard (3 hits/2.5s) - Video
Skill cast: Dynamic - Video
Chisel-Light Mirrors: Snapshots at the start of the animation - Video
Burst: Snapshots in the middle of the animation when the field is createdd - Video
Alhaitham's resistance to interruption is increased while holding Skill and during his tap Skill animation. - Tap , Hold - an odd
After using hold Skill, you can instantly plunge at any height - Video
Coordinated attacks from Chisel-Light Mirrors can proc Sacrificial Sword's passive - Video
Tap Skill can teleport further than hold Skill - Hold , Tap
Chisel-Light Mirror projection attack's positioning depends on Alhaitham's own positioning and what direction he's facing - Video
Hold E -> Plunge combo can be done faster by aiming closer to his feet while pressed against an enemies hitbox - Long , Short
Chisel-Light Mirror projection attacks can miss if a swap occurs too fast (more likely at higher ping) - Video
Alhaitham keeps his momentum if interrupted during his hold Skill teleport - Video
Alhaitham can remain submerged in water when in his hold Skill state - Video
Alhaitham can make his sword disappear by cancelling his Skill before it gives him mirrors. This is easily done using an alchemy table or by talking to an NPC or falling in water while in his hold Skill. Using N5, Skill or Burst makes his sword reappear, but it is still possible to activate his Dendro infusion via his A1 passive.
Using alchemy table - Video
Falling in water while in hold SKill - Video - The 11th Fatui
Chisel-Light Mirror projection attacks spawn 0-2 frames after damage numbers become visible. Damage numbers appearing is ping-dependent. Therefore, the time a Chisel-Light Mirror Projection attack spawns is ping dependent. Furthermore, the check for the level of mirror projection attacks occurs at (approximately) the same time as the damage numbers appearing.
Frame tests done at a variety of ping values - Video
115ms: Input:0488, Dendro aura:0501, Numbers appear:0513, Mirror:0514 ; Input:0745, Dendro aura:0759, Numbers appear:0770, Mirror:0770
260ms: Input:2440, Dendro aura:2453, Numbers appear:2470, Mirror:2472 ; Input:2679, Dendro aura:2693, Numbers appear:2712, Mirror:2714
500ms: Input:5357, Dendro aura:5370, Numbers appear:5402, Mirror:5404 ; Input:5560, Dendro aura:5573, Numbers appear:5610, Mirror:5612
Tests done at ~500ms ping:
Video - Dendro aura at frame 472 while holding 2 mirrors. Damage numbers appear at frame 506 while holding 2 mirrors.
Video - Dendro aura at frame 557 while holding 2 mirrors. Damage numbers appear at frame 590 while holding 1 mirror.
Projection Attack not showing up despite having Mirrors while in a disconnected state - Video
Alhaitham's Mirror Generation is not affected by ping
Method: Go to map > Disconnect by unplugging LAN cable > trigger the criteria for Mirror gen > go back to map > reconnect
CA Proc: Video
Chisel-Light Mirror's Projection Attack Type is not determined by the amount of Mirrors on the triggering hit. The check happens on the Projection Proc. ,
Method: Disconnect > Burst > Trigger Projection with one N1 with 3 mirrors > Let 1 Mirror expire > Reconnect > Check what type of Projection was procced - Video - If the Projection Attack read the state of the Mirror on triggering hit, it would have been a rainfall. However, it shows up as 2 Mirror Projection Attack.
Video - The Dendro DMG conversion is still in affect for the final normal attack, but the mirrors wear off before the check happens, resulting in no projection attack
Video - N1 -> Skill cast procs a 3 Mirror projection
Video - CA-1 activates A1 "on-hit", but does not apply the gained mirror to CA-1 (only CA-2). This shows that the conditions for a check require the hit to happen when >0 mirrors are present.
Video - If CA-1 trigger both a projection attack and A-1 at the same time, the "check" happens later and will take into account the gained mirror.
This was tested by using Skill -> N1 on a separate target, waiting (to line up the next projection attack timer in between n1 and CA-1), and then doing N1 -> CA on a separate target, with CA-1 killing the target (so we can check if we get the A1 proc to factor into the projection triggered).
Alhaitham Skill Stack Mechanics
Alhaitham Mirrors have an independent timer of 4s each, only one Mirror will decay at a time, and only the Mirror with the shortest duration will decay.
2 Mirrors are gained at :03
1 Mirror is gained at :05
1 Mirror is lost at :06
1 Mirror is lost at :11
1 Mirror is lost at :15
The Mirror that had already lost 2 seconds on its timer was the first one to decay and the next 2 Mirrors follow a 4s pattern.
Better understanding of Skill stack mechanics.
Burst has a 2s wait before generating new Chisel-Light Mirrors. It is possible to swap to another character, use a skill, and come back in time to catch the new Mirrors generated. - Video
A1: Four-Causal Correction
Chisel-Light Mirror counts for projection attacks are calculated after A1 - Video
C6 buff duration after bursting depends on how many mirrors exist when the 3 mirrors are generated at burst.
Burst -> CA - 6s - Video
Burst -> Tap Skill - 12s - Video
Burst -> Hold Skill -> Plunge - 18s - Video
Burst -> Tap Skill -> Wait for Mirrors from Burst - 18s - Video
There is a visual indicator for the buff (green trailing light on Alhaitham's right shoulder).
The current scribe of the Sumeru Akademiya, a man endowed with extraordinary intelligence and talent. He lives free free from the searching eyes of ordinary people, anyway.
Full Alhaitham Written Guide
Alhaitham Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Alhaitham's resistance to interruption is increased while holding Skill and during his tap Skill animation.
After using hold Skill, you can instantly plunge at any height.
Coordinated attacks from Chisel-Light Mirrors can proc Sacrificial Sword's passive.
Tap Skill can teleport further than hold Skill.
Chisel-Light Mirror projection attack's positioning depends on Alhaitham's own positioning and what direction he's facing.
Hold E -> Plunge combo can be done faster by aiming closer to his feet while pressed against an enemies hitbox.
Chisel-Light Mirror projection attacks can miss if a swap occurs too fast (more likely at higher ping).
Alhaitham keeps his momentum if interrupted during his hold Skill teleport.
Alhaitham can remain submerged in water when in his hold Skill state.
Alhaitham can make his sword disappear by cancelling his Skill before it gives him mirrors. This is easily done using an alchemy table or by talking to an NPC or falling in water while in his hold Skill. Using N5, Skill or Burst makes his sword reappear, but it is still possible to activate his Dendro infusion via his A1 passive.
Chisel-Light Mirror projection attacks spawn 0-2 frames after damage numbers become visible. Damage numbers appearing is ping-dependent. Therefore, the time a Chisel-Light Mirror Projection attack spawns is ping dependent. Furthermore, the check for the level of mirror projection attacks occurs at (approximately) the same time as the damage numbers appearing.
Chisel-Light Mirror generation is not affected by ping.
Chisel-Light Mirror's Projection Attack Type is not determined by the amount of Mirrors on the triggering hit. The check happens on the Projection Proc.
Chisel-Light Mirrors have an independent timer of 4 seconds each. Only one Mirror will decay at a time, and only the Mirror with the shortest duration will decay.
Burst has a 2s wait before generating new Chisel-Light Mirrors. It is possible to swap to another character, use a skill, and come back in time to catch the new Mirrors generated.
Chisel-Light Mirror counts for projection attacks are calculated after A1.
The EM buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
C6 buff duration after bursting depends on how many mirrors exist when the 3 mirrors are generated at burst.
Burst -> CA - 6s
Burst -> Tap Skill - 12s
Burst -> Hold Skill -> Plunge - 18s
Burst -> Tap Skill -> Wait for Mirrors from Burst - 18s
There is a visual indicator for the buff (green trailing light on Alhaitham's right shoulder).
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Charged Shot: 1U
Infused Normal Attacks: 1U
Frozen Wilds Cast: 1U
Chillwater Bomblets: 1U
Prophecies of Dawn: 2U
Shared ICD on Cryo application.
Follow standard ICD (3 hits/2.5s)
Infused Normals follow standard ICD (3 hits/2.5s)
When doing ARCC, Aloy will get an uncharged aim shot, regardless of charge level
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Aloy can gain Coil Stacks while off-field
Aloy's Skill generates 5 Particles on Freeze Bomb hit.
Interaction between Aloy Chillwater Bomblets and Anemo Characters
Chillwater Bomblets can be moved by:
Jean: Tap E, Hold E
Sucrose: E, Q
Anemo MC: E | Q
Can't be moved by following abilities:
Venti: E, Q
Chillwater Bomblets snapshot on Frozen Wilds cast
Sacrificial bow interactions
Chillwater Bomblets are able to trigger Sacrificial Bow's Elemental Skill cooldown reset.
Recasting Frozen Wilds will make the remaining Chillwater Bomblets from the previous Frozen Wilds cast ~~disappear~~ explode.
Walls do not block Chillwater Bomblets
Imgur: it's possible to push them through walls
Imgur: they may also spawn inside the wall upon Skill cast
Chillwater Bomblets do not float.
Aloy Skill cast can also be effected by Anemo abilities
Anemo MC: bomb goes to center of tornado then drops straight down and explodes.
Aloy Burst snapshots before or during Burst Animation
Aloy can't self buff her Burst with 4NO equipped.
Passive: Easy Does It
Unlike Sayu's passive animals still get startled if you get too close to them.
Animals still get startled if you kill one of them in a group.
Additional Skill Mechanics
Aloy and Sac bow interaction
The wording in the Aloy Section of the Theorycrafting Library was incorrect, if Frozen Wilds is recasted after Sacrificial Bow has activated while there are bombs still on the field, the last round of bombs will explode rather than disappear.
Original evidence from the 'Sacrificial bow Interactions' section by
The author's own testing to corroborate Vherax's original footage
The bombs explode rather than disappear, and Aloy can still receive Coil stacks from the previous round of bombs exploding upon Skill recast.
Aloy E Is Regular DMGBonus
Aloy's E gives regular percentage DMGBonus, not BaseDMGMultiplier
Clip 1 Imgur
Talent 6/6/6 with 58.3% Phys DMGBonus, has 277 ATK while Coil is active
at 1 stack, N1 dmg is floor((0.29x277)x(1+0.583+0.077)x((80+100)/(60+100+80+100)))=70
at 2 stacks, N1 dmg is floor((0.29x277)x(1+0.583+0.154)x((80+100)/(60+100+80+100)))=73
Clip 2 Imgur
Talent 6/6/6 with 68.2% Cryo DMGBonus, has 266 ATK while Coil is active
at 4 stacks, N1 dmg is floor((0.29x266)x(1+0.682+0.385)x((80+100)/(60+100+80+100)))=84
(N1 was performed less than 1s after getting 4 stacks, so the A4 buff had not kicked in yet)
Correcting common misconception that Aloy E is Base DMG Multiplier, correcting misinfo in TCL.
Formerly an outcast, now a hunter of unparalleled skill. Ready to do the right thing at any time.
Full Written Guide Aloy: Wandering Heroine
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Both Poise Damage and Impulse Type are the same for regular Normal Attacks and Normal Attacks during Rushing Ice state.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Aloy's attacks while in the Rushing Ice state follow standard ICD (3 hits/2.5s)
Chillwater Bomblets share ICD and follow standard ICD.
Aloy can gain Coil Stacks while off-field.
Chillwater Bomblets snapshot on Frozen Wilds cast.
Recasting Frozen Wilds will cause existing Chillwater Bomblets to explode.
The ATK% decrease persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Aloy's Burst has 211 idle i-frames (3.5s).
Animals still get startled if you get too close to them.
Animals still get startled if you kill one of them in a group.
The ATK% buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Baron Bunny's aura
Baron Bunny is allowed to have a Hydro or Cryo aura, as well as be Frozen. In the former case only environmental effects may apply the Hydro aura. Most reactions function properly on this aura, notable Crystalize, Swirl, Superconduct and Shatter. It is not known how one may apply a Pyro or Electro aura to the Bunny, and the author could not find a way for the bunny to be Electro-Charged.
Baron Bunny may be used as an entity to hold certain auras.
Amber E Duration Begins When Bunny Lands
Amber Elemental Skill duration starts when Baron Bunny lands and unfurls itself.
In this video, Amber's Skill cooldown begins upon pressing E, Baron Bunny does not land until the cooldown says ~12.5 seconds, which is when the duration for the Skill begins. Baron Bunny then lasts for 8 seconds, exploding when the cooldown says ~4.5 seconds.
Mostly fluff and something inconsequential, no real purpose where it's necessary yet.
Amber E Can Be Delayed by Crafting Table
Ambers Baron Bunnys landing can be delayed by crafting table. It spins on the crafting table when it is being thrown at the table. Its 8-second duration begins when it lands on the ground. If it spins for more than 10 seconds and still doesn't land, it disappears.
This video shows that the bunny explodes when the Elemental Skills cooldown is at 2.5s, which means its duration started when the cooldown is at 10.5s, which is when the bunny lands.
This video shows that the bunny disappears when the Elemental Skills cooldown is at 4.8s, which 10.2s into the Elemental Skill.
Some understanding of Amber's Elemental Skill and mostly fluff.
Baron Bunny Collision Mechanics
Baron Bunny Collision Mechanics
Amber's Baron Bunny takes collision damage from characters and from falling. Collision damage can occur from dashing into the bunny or plunging into it.
Fall damage clip
Dash collision clip
Plunge collision clip
This damage is collision damage, as evidenced by the expected plunge damage not aligning with the damage shown in the videos.
Based on these character stats, Amber should be dealing 744x0.826=615 outgoing DMG, which the Bunny's DEF multiplier would reduce to 615x(491/(491+5x70+500)=225 incoming DMG. However, the Bunny instead takes 754 DMG, indicating that the damage did not come from the plunge, but instead the collision.
Fluff, better understanding of Amber's kit.
Baron Bunny has a hitbox that players can hit with normal attacks. Some characters such as Xingqiu can hit this hitbox easily, while other characters struggle to hit it consistently. This can be used for dragonstrikes. This is also probably why bunny can hold Cryo aura, which is already known in the TCL.
Increases the potential Dragonstrikes Per Second of VV Vape Hu Tao.
Baron Bunny Canceling
Baron Bunny can be dash canceled or jump canceled (while stationary) to activate artifact/domain/Spiral Abyss effect requirements.
Amber can activate effect bonuses that require activating her Skill (Crimson Witch set, Windblume Ode, etc.) without dealing with her Skill's long cooldown at any Constellation, allowing constant uptime of the bonuses.
Amber Ult Targeting
Finding: Amber's Q likely does not land randomly in certain pre-determined areas.
It is suspected that any enemies standing in the outer zone of Amber's Q are hit a random number of times (not fixed).
The exact mechanic is guessed to be as follows:
8 arrows with damage radius of 2.6 will fall randomly along a circle 2.6 units away from the center of the Q
10 arrows with damage radius of 2.6 will fall randomly in a circular area between 0 to 2.6 units away from the center of the Q
As such, anything outside of 2.6 units from the center (so approx. half way) is expected to get hit a random number of times, with closer to the edge being lower in the number of hits
G-Drive with full clips
Specifically in the f1 video:
The slime at the very edge is barely touching amber's Q, and is hit 6 times. The outer edge AoE system as described by the theory hunt can be thought of as circle AoEs entirely enclosed within the circle of Amber's Q, and fixed to center exactly 2.6 units away from the middle of Amber's Q, as Amber's Q was described to have a radius of approximately 2.6 x 2, and each of her outer-edge AoEs land in a circle of 2.6 radius from the center of her Q.
The odds of this slime being hit randomly by entirely enclosed AoEs within Amber's ult 6 times out of 18, especially considering that 10 of the arrows have the entire inner circle of 2.6 to land in that would miss this outer slime, is close to 0.
There is another example of this happening in 4c, when one of the slimes jumps in halfway through ambers ult, and with barely any of its hitbox entering her AoE, is struck 3 times.
Amber Burst Overload Consistency
Finding/Bug: Amber ult with full EM gear vs Electro Hypostasis can sometimes deal 3 large chunks of damage due to Overload reaction and sometimes 4.
Amber 3 overloads: YouTube
Amber 4 overloads: YouTube
Significance: The random arrow distribution in Amber's Burst makes the reaction potential of her Burst as the trigger very inconsistent.
C0: 2 Simultaneous Baron Bunnies
Two Baron Bunnies can exist simultaneously on C0 Amber.
Test was done on Floor 1 of the Abyss with a 4-Piece Gambler set.
It is possible to spawn multiple Baron Bunnies at once without C4 Amber.
Amber C1 & C2 Damage
Ambers C1 damage instance is considered CA damage.
Ambers C2 damage instance is considered Skill damage.
/ Baron Bunny snapshots.
Testing done by and
Damage increases with 4WT bonus - Video and Video
Testing done by
Damage increases with 2gambler bonus, and does not increase when 4NO buff is activated after Skill cast but before detonation - Video
Significance: Damage calculations and rotation considerations for Amber
C2: Bunny Triggered
Amber C2 Works on CO-OP Teammate Baron Bunnies
C2 Amber users can trigger teammates' baron bunnies. This effect works even if the teammate does not own C2 Amber, but the damage bonus will not apply without it.
The damage bonus does not apply if the teammate does not own C2 Amber.
Automatic Detonation: 102 (ATK) 123.2% (Talent Scaling) 1 (DMG Bonus) 90% (10% Pyro Resistance) 0.425 (Rounded Defense Multiplier) = 48.06648
Manual Detonation: 102 (ATK) 123.2% (Talent Scaling) 1+2 90% (10% Pyro Resistance) 0.425 (Rounded Defense Multiplier) = 144.19944
Automatic Detonation: 102 (ATK) 123.2% (Talent Scaling) 1 (DMG Bonus) 90% (10% Pyro Resistance) 0.404 (Rounded Defense Multiplier) = 45.6914304
Manual Detonation: 102 (ATK) 123.2% (Talent Scaling) 1 (DMG Bonus) 90% (10% Pyro Resistance) 0.404 (Rounded Defense Multiplier) = 137.0742912
A CRIT on the automatic detonation at 50% CRIT DMG would land 72 on the hilichurls and 69 on the regisvine, rather than 144 and 137 respectively.
Optimizing niche coop damage scenarios and possible applications on future characters with similar effects.
Amber C2 Reaction Trigger
Amber's C2, Bunny Triggered, can be triggered using Transformative Reactions via Amber's Charged Attacks.
Pyro Swirl: Imgur
Overload & Burgeon: YouTube
More understanding on Amber's kit. Fun techs, can be use for dank set ups.
Always energetic and full of life, Amber's the best albeit only Outrider of the Knights of Favonius.
Full Amber Guide
8 Minute Guide to Amber
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
The explosion has the blunt attribute that lets it damage shields and Shatter Frozen enemies like claymores.
Baron Bunny can be picked up by Anemo units like Jean and Sucrose when they use their Elemental Skills.
The explosion radius is smaller than the animation so take care when aiming it.
Baron Bunny is allowed to have a Hydro or Cryo aura, as well as be Frozen.
Only environmental effects may apply the Hydro aura.
Most reactions function properly on this aura, notably: Crystallize, Swirl, Superconduct, and Shatter.
Multiple Baron Bunnies can be spawned without C4 when utilizing cooldown reduction effects.
Baron Bunny's duration starts when it lands, not when the Skill is casted.
If Baron Bunny doesn't land on the ground within 10s of being casted, it disappears.
Baron Bunny can take collision damage from characters and from falling. Collision damage can occur from dashing into the bunny or plunging into it.
Baron Bunny has a hitbox that players can hit with Normal Attacks. Some characters such as Xingqiu can hit this hitbox easily, while other characters struggle to hit it consistently. This can be used for Dragonstrikes.
Baron Bunny can be dash canceled or jump canceled (while stationary) to activate artifact/domain/Spiral Abyss effect requirements.
Applies 1U worth of Pyro 6 times, following normal ICD rules.
Does 18 waves total over 2 seconds in the center of the AoE.
8 of the waves cover approximately the outer half the size of the marker.
10 waves cover the inner half of the marker.
Anything in the outer half is expected to get hit a random number of times, with closer to the edge being lower in the number of hits.
The random arrow distribution in Amber's Burst makes the reaction potential of her Burst as the trigger very inconsistent.
The second arrow is fired 10 degrees vertically below actual aiming, has separate CRIT, and also makes the primary shot travel further before it starts dropping down.
C1 damage instance is considered CA damage.
Shared ICD with Charged Attack.
Explosion via manual detonation deals 200% additional DMG.
C2 damage instance is considered Skill damage.
Baron Bunny snapshots.
In CO-OP, teammates can manually detonate each other's Baron Bunnies, but the damage bonus will only apply if both players have C2.
It can be triggered using Transformative Reactions via Amber's Charged Attacks.
The buffs persist for their full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Melt and Vaporize.
Amplifying Reactions scale off of EM, Reaction DMG Bonuses, and the damage of the attack triggering the reaction. Since they scale off of base damage, Amplifying Reactions can make use of CRIT, ATK, EM, and character level. There are also Reaction DMG Bonuses to further amplify this, which currently only exist in the form of 4-Piece Crimson Witch and Mona C1.
For more information on the damage dealt by Amplifying Reactions, see the Damage Formula page.
Melt is an Amplifying Reaction triggered by applying Pyro onto a target already afflicted with Cryo or vice versa. Melt allows for a multiplier of damage amplification onto the attack triggering the reaction, heavily boosting the attack. Applying Cryo onto Pyro is colloquially referred to as a Reverse Melt as it has the smaller base multiplier of 1.5x as opposed to the 2x multiplier of Pyro onto Cryo.
Vaporize, or Vape, is an Amplifying Reaction triggered by applying Hydro onto a target already afflicted with Pyro or vice versa. Vaporize allows for a multiplier of damage amplification onto the attack triggering the reaction, heavily boosting the attack. Applying Pyro onto Hydro is colloquially referred to as a Reverse Vape as it has the smaller base multiplier of 1.5x as opposed to the 2x multiplier of Hydro onto Pyro.
The noblest and greatest of souls, who watches over the lupical of Wolvendom.
Andrius, Dominator of Wolves / Boreas, Great Wolf King of the North
When the wolfpack is imperiled, it will emerge in the form of a wolf and show forth its fangs and claws. The wolves of Wolvendom are frightening phantoms to the people of Mondstadt:A blurred shape flashing through the forest, a chilling howl in the indeterminate distance, the creeping sense of eyes constantly nailed to their backs... Humans rarely have the opportunity to lock their eyes with a wolf, for this is the law Lupus Boreas laid down for its race.
Andrius has 2 forms in which he will fight and a transition phase.
Andrius jumps into the air and leaps toward the ice circle that appears on the ground.
After charging for a while, Andrius will quickly dash towards the player, leaving an ice trail in his wake.
Andrius raises his front legs and slashes towards his front.
Depending on the player distance:
Melee: Andrius raises his hind legs and sweeps his tail quickly.
Ranged: Andrius raises his hind legs and sweeps his tail quickly while shooting small icicles towards the player.
Andrius creates circular ice surfaces around him before spinning quickly (The actual range of slash is wider in front of him than behind him).
This move is an unblockable attack and cannot be dodged by dashing.
After attacking his hind legs, Andrius will reposition himself to face the player.
Interlude Phase is skipped if Andrius' HP is reduced to under41% in a single strike before the start of Interlude Phase
Starts either once Andrius goes under 51% HP or enough time passed
Andrius runs in a circle around the map, and will charge towards the player when he stops (twice). Next, he circles the arena once again, then leaps to the middle of the arena.
Phase 2 is skipped if Andrius' HP is reduced to under 41% in a single strike before the start of Interlude Phase. Phase 1 abilities can still be used in this phase on top of new attacks:
Andrius charges for a while and summons icicles that fall from the sky. The edge of the arena will be covered by an icy floor that deals Cryo damage if stood in.
Andrius charges for a while and then roars, dealing continuous damage in a huge AoE around him.
Andrius raises his front legs while creating an ice path in front of himself, then releases ice waves on the path.
Andrius raises his front legs, then summons 3 vertical wind blades in a 60-degree forward arc.
Andrius summons a small phantom wolf to attack the player.
These will slowly escalate in appearance and attack speed as time progresses; when his HP falls below 20% or if the player take too long to defeat him.
The AoE Scaling of an attack describes how the damage done by the ability scales in relation to the number of enemies. Currently the most common types of AoE Scaling are linear, quadratic, and Non-AoE Scaling.
Credit to for the explanation of Linear and Quadratic AoE Scaling.
Linear AoE Scaling
An attack that has Linear AoE Scaling would have its damage increased once for every enemy hit.
Assume Kaeya is fighting a group of 4 enemies that are grouped together, and casts his Elemental Skill, which does 7000 damage. As he is hitting 4 enemies, the total damage done would be the damage of the Skill times the number of enemies hit, or 70004, which equals 28000.
We can then illustrate the total damage done in the following formula.
Most attacks in Genshin fall under the category of Linear AoE Scaling.
Quadratic AoE Scaling
An attack with Quadratic AoE Scaling would have its damage exponentially increased for each enemy hit. This results in damage significantly increase in relation to the number of enemies you are fighting, although some quadratic scaling abilities have a hard cap on how much they can scale quadratically.
Assume Tartaglia is fighting 4 grouped enemies with Riptide marks on each of them. He hits all of them with an attack in his melee stance, which causes Riptide Slashes that do 2000 damage each in an AoE. Each enemy hit will then trigger their own Riptide Slash for a total of 4 Riptide Slashes, and each Riptide Slash will hit all four enemies. The total damage done would then be the damage of a single Riptide Slash multiplied by the number of Riptide Slashes and the total number of enemies, or 200044, which equals 32000.
Since the number of Riptide Slashes is equal to the number of enemies, we can illustrate the total damage done as the following formula.
Similarly, Ganyu Q will spawn an icicle for each enemy within the circle, but unlike Tartaglia's Riptide Flashes it is capped at 5 per wave. This means any additional enemies will not spawn an additional icicle, and the most damage a single enemy can take is 5 icicles per wave.
Notable abilities that have Quadratic AoE Scaling include:
Tartaglia Riptide Slashes
Ayato Q (Up to 4 raindrops per wave)
Ganyu Q (Up to 5 icicles per wave)
Albedo Q (Up to 7 grouped units)
An attack with no AoE Scaling would be considered a single-target Skill, and would not have its damage increased in relation to the amount of enemies being fought.
Assume Fischl summons Oz against 1 enemy, and each Oz shot does 8000 damage. The total amount of damage done per shot would then be 8000. If you were to increase the number of enemies to 4, Oz would still only shoot 1 enemy, and the damage would not increase.
Notable abilities that have Non-AoE Scaling include:
Most Bow and Catalyst Normal Attacks
New frame data - Google Sheets
New Burst frame data Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data:
NA (in Q)
CA (in Q)
Itto Skill, Normal Attacks, Combo Slash, and Final Slash all apply 1U Geo
Normal Attacks follow the standard ICD and has a separate ICD counter from his Skill.
Elemental Skill has a 1s ICD. - EE less than 1s apart / EE more than 1s apart
E Hold: 6 abyss tiles
Normal Attack Mechanics
Itto gains Superlative Superstrength stacks off field.
Itto's Superlative Superstrength stacks persist through character swap.
Itto can Dragonstrike off of AK combo hits.
N1 DS | No Q Finisher Dragonstrike | CA Finisher Dragonstrike
Arataki Kesagiri has a big enough hitbox to affect enemies located behind Itto. - Hitbox 1 | Hitbox 2
Itto Buffering Mechanics
Ittos CA has a uniform buffering time - it takes 14 frames from holding LMB to the stack flash, including hitlag frames.
Ittos N2 allows a CA to come out a minimum of 4 frames after hitlag ends. N3 has a minimum of 6 frames after hitlag.
The exception to this is Ittos N1, which allows you to hold LMB during its hitlag and will then start an N2 and immediately buffer a CA, which skips the minimum 4 frame delay after hitlag, making this the most efficient way to do a CA out of N2.
Standing CA: YouTube
CA out of N2/N3: YouTube
N1 exception demonstration: YouTube
Greater and more quantitative understanding of Ittos CA buffers, as well as potentially opening up an easier way to do certain combos with the N1 exception.
The most consistent way to buffer Ittos combos is to click once during or a bit after hitlag for each NA, then hold click as soon as the final NA animation begins. Starting to hold click at least 14 frames before the earliest possible CA (which is 4f/6f after hitlag for N2/N3) will result in a frame perfect CA.
Itto NA Combo Saving Mechanics
Itto Normal Attack combo saving mechanics
According to in-game description, "Itto's Normal Attack combo does not immediately reset after sprinting or using his Elemental Skill." Game data suggests that this combo non-reset ability works based on a combo saving modifier that's attached to certain types of animations. These animations include the following:
Elemental Skill animations: Pre-Skill, Skill, Hold-Skill, and Post-Skill.
Sprinting animations: Pre-Sprint, and Sprint. Notably, Post-Sprint is excluded.
All other animations (e.g. Charged Attacks or Burst) are excluded.
As long as there's a "chain" of such animations between two of Itto's Normal Attacks, the combo will not reset. For example:
The combo "NA1 E D NA2" is possible because the animation chain is "Pre-Skill > Skill > Post-Skill > Pre-Sprint > Sprint".
The combo "NA1 D E NA2" is impossible because the animation chain is "Pre-Sprint > Sprint > Post-Sprint > Pre-Skill > Skill > Post-Skill".
This video showcases some combos with animations that do and do not save Itto's NA combos: YouTube
Examples of combo-saving animations:
Examples of non-combo-saving animations:
In summary, it's easy to save Itto's NA combo with Elemental Skill animations, while it can be difficult or even impossible with Sprinting. If a Sprint is followed by any animations, it won't save the NA combo. After a Sprint, you also need to start the NA animation before Post-Sprint starts to save the NA combo. Having a better understanding of Itto's Normal Attack mechanics can help with combo investigations.
Particles: Itto Particle Generation is 3-4 with around a production ratio of 1:1. 100 attempts; 3 Particles = 53; 4 Particles = 47
Itto can pre-funnel Particles from his Skill
Ushi counts towards the Geo Construct Limit.
Ushi's duration starts at land and not on cast.
Ushi is unsuckable (via Sucrose and Kazuha).
Ushi can be pushed by either Itto or enemies.
Hold E has 10sec timer.
Ushi still persists and gains stacks after teleporting.
Ushi is able to use wall hacks and phase through this wall in Mondstadt. Ushi will still despawn and give stack, so it doesnt get destroyed due to wall. - Ultimate
Ushi Max Air Time
Ushi lands in mid-air after 2 seconds of air time.
Further understanding of Ushi as a Geo Construct.
Itto Burst Snapshot Interaction with Different Stats
The video through various tests show that DEF is being snapshotted (Husk Set, Whiteblind, Gorou), while Geo DMG (Husk Set, Gorou, Ningguang) and ATK (Sara) aren't. It is unknown/unconfirmed at the moment this was submitted if CRIT Buffs such as Gorou C6, Rosaria A4, and Traveler C1 are being snapshotted or not.
Itto does not snapshot Gorou's buffs if you alt swap.
Itto's Q can be hitlag extended.
No Hitlag - Q lasts 804 Frames
Hitlag - Q lasts 846 Frames
Itto's Q can expire during CA spam.
Burst duration can significantly extend past its normal duration by doing an attack at the end of Burst. This extension ends immediately on any action after the final attack, so it does not give you a meaningful Burst extension beyond that final attack.
No attacks - Burst ends at 6.0s CD (Stats)
CA at end - Burst ends at 1.6s CD
Sky immediately fades at start of N1
Itto N1 Burst Cancel SS Stack
Using Itto Burst during N1 hitlag gives Superlative Strength Stack.
Video and timing: Imgur
Itto gains Superlative Strength stacks on the frame that the damage numbers appear. So, if you use an N1 outside of Burst and cancel the hitlag with Q before the damage number appears, the game will give you an SS stack from a Burst N1.
As this is ping-related, players with very low ping will only have a few frames in which to cancel into the Burst.
There are several combo variants for Itto, a main category being first rotation 0 stack combos. With this tech, you can gain a stack early and go into the higher damage 1 stack combos without sacrificing dps from the extra non-Ult N1. It also serves as QoL to reduce the number of combo variants to remember.
Successful Itto DEF Conversion with Gorou
If characters are directly switched to after Gorou casts his Elemental Burst, they can snapshot the flat DEF buff extremely consistently, if the ping isnt high (<75ms).
Many different methods were tested to see when Itto could snapshot Gorou's flat DEF buff:
Itto uses Alt + Num to use his Elemental Burst directly after Gorou uses his Elemental Burst. The ping was in the 25-75ms interval. The result was that Itto successfully snapshotted the flat DEF buff 47 times out of a total of 50 runs. Example showing a successful run: YouTube. When the ping was changed to 200-350ms, out of 10 additional runs, only 2 were successful at snapshotting the DEF buff.
Itto is manually switched to and directly uses his Elemental Burst directly after Gorou uses his Elemental Burst. The ping was in the 25-75ms interval. The result was that Itto successfully snapshotted the flat DEF buff 37 times out of a total of 40 runs. When the ping was changed to 200-350ms, out of 10 additional runs, only 3 were successful at snapshotting the DEF buff.
Itto is manually switched to and directly uses his Elemental Burst or uses Alt + Num not directly after Gorou uses his Elemental Burst. The ping was in the 25-75ms interval. The result was that Itto successfully snapshotted the flat DEF buff only 16 times out of a total of 30 runs, with manual switching being somewhat less inconsistent.
The findings firstly disprove that Gorous paw symbol must fully appear before the buffs can be applied. Secondly, using Alt + Num to swap shortens Ittos team rotation times, which hed enjoy due to his rotation times already being longer than his Elemental Burst cooldown. Lastly, the findings give some insight into Gorous Elemental Burst mechanics, such as it being ping-dependent.
Utility Passive: Woodchuck Chucked
Extra wood obtained from Itto's passive "Woodchuck Chucked" does not count towards daily 2000 tree cap.
413 bamboo at start | 2929 bamboo at end
A1: Arataki Ichiban
Itto has extremely high interruption resistance while using his special charged attacks. While doing his special charged attacks, Itto is able to take at least 9 hits from the Ruin Guard's spinning attack without getting staggered.
C1: Stay a While and Listen Up
C1 Stack Timing
Itto starts gaining SSS stacks 50 frames later than according to the C1 description.
According to Itto's 1st Constellation description, "After using [Q] ... [a]fter 1s, Itto will gain 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength every 0.5s for 1.5s." If we assume that the game is in 60 FPS, this means that we expect the first SSS stack to be gained 90 frames after Itto uses Q, and the second and third SSS stacks to be gained 30 and 60 frames after this, respectively. However, in-game testing shows that this isn't what really happens.
Two trials were done in 60 FPS and at different pings to check for ping-dependency:
Ping = 33ms
Start of Q animation: Frame # 133
Start of gaining the 1st SSS stack: Frame # 271
Start of gaining the 2nd SSS stack: Frame # 303
Start of gaining the 3rd SSS stack: Frame # 332
The first SSS stack was gained 138 = 90 + 48 frames after Q, and the second and third SSS stacks were gained 32 and 61 frames after this, respectively.
Ping = 173ms
Start of Q animation: Frame # 121
Start of gaining the 1st SSS stack: Frame # 258
Start of gaining the 2nd SSS stack: Frame # 291
Start of gaining the 3rd SSS stack: Frame # 319
The first SSS stack was gained 137 = 90 + 47 frames after Q, and the second and third SSS stacks were gained 33 and 61 frames after this, respectively.
We can firstly conclude that C1 is ping-independent. Secondly, it seems that Itto's C1 follows its description for the most part, except that the first SSS gain actually happens 50 frames later than what's stated.
Better understanding of Itto's C1.
C2: Gather 'Round, It's a Brawl!
Itto C2 counts himself as a Geo user.
C6: Arataki Itto, Present!
At C6, Itto can do a kesagiri (not finisher) at 1 stack as it checks before the stack is consumed. C6 Itto cannot do an E>SCA Finisher combo like at all other cons and is heavily locked to spamming charged attacks the whole time.
Itto can almost consistently hit enemies lifted by Venti's Burst.
Most of Itto's attacks (both normals, combos, and even his final slash) can hit enemies lifted by Venti's Burst due to them being more of vertical/diagonal strikes (and just having high enough of a vertical range in the case of the final slash aka the dunk) with the exception of N1.
Itto with Sacrificial Greatsword's passive can get 3 stacks.
Ushi is able to interrupt Rifthounds during their backwards attack.
The first and greatest head of the Arataki Gang, famed throughout Inazuma City's Hanamizaka... Wait, what? You've never heard of them? Are you trying to be funny here?
Hanamizaka Heroics: Arataki Itto Guide
Poise Damage and Impulse Type are the same for regular attacks and converted attacks during Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Itto can gain Superlative Superstrength stacks while off field.
Itto's Superlative Superstrength stacks persist through character swap.
Arataki Kesagiri Combo Slash and Final Slash's hitbox can hit enemies located behind Itto.
Ittos Charged Attack has a uniform buffering time - it takes 14 frames from holding LMB to the stack flash, including hitlag frames.
Ittos N2 allows a Charged Attack to come out a minimum of 4 frames after hitlag ends. N3 has a minimum of 6 frames after hitlag.
Game data suggests that Itto's combo non-reset ability works based on a combo saving modifier that's attached to certain types of animations. These animations include the following:
Elemental Skill animations: Pre-Skill, Skill, Hold-Skill, and Post-Skill.
Sprinting animations: Pre-Sprint, and Sprint. Notably, Post-Sprint is excluded.
All other animations (e.g. Charged Attacks or Burst) are excluded.
Ushi counts towards the Geo Constructs limit.
Ushi's duration starts at land, not on cast.
Hold E has a maximum 10s timer.
Ushi still persists and gains stacks after teleporting.
Ushi is unsuckable (via Sucrose and Kazuha).
Ushi can be pushed by either Itto or enemies.
Ushi will "land" mid-air after 2 seconds if it doesn't land on a surface.
Converted Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks have the same Poise Damage and Impulse Type as the Physical counterparts.
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! snapshots DEF but does not shapshot Geo DMG or ATK.
Right after Gorou uses his Elemental Burst, if Itto is swapped in either with Alt + Num or manually he will consistently snapshot the buffs. This only happens when the ping is below 75ms, otherwise it's inconsistent, with a 53% success rate at 200~350ms.
Itto's converted attacks apply 1U Geo.
Itto's converted Normal and Charged Attacks have standard ICD.
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!'s duration can be extended through hitlag.
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! can expire in the middle of a CA string.
Burst duration can significantly extend past its normal duration by doing an attack at the end of Burst. This extension ends immediately on any action after the final attack.
Using Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! during N1 hitlag also gives Superlative Strength stacks.
The extra wood obtained does not count towards daily 2000 tree cap.
The second part of Stay a While and Listen Up begins around 50 frames later than according to its description.
Itto counts himself as a Geo party member.
At C6, Itto can do an Arataki Kesagiri Combo Slash at 1 Superlative Superstrength stack as the C6 check is performed before the stack is consumed. C6 Itto cannot do an E>SCA Finisher combo.
Full Talent Values
'"The Knave," Fourth of the Fatui Harbingers. A poised, ruthless diplomat. To the children in the House of the Hearth, she is their feared yet dependable "Father."'
Arlecchino Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Full Talent Values
Unequipping Artifacts And Holder Leaving Party 4-Piece Bonus Interactions
Some active bonus timers and entities triggered or generated by a set bonus will end or disappear instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
Such notable team-wide bonuses include Archaic Petra and Instructor. We can also observe the same effect happening with personal bonuses from the Vermilion Hereafter or Gilded Dreams sets.
In the case of Ocean-Hued Clam, the bubble simply disappears. For Exile, the Energy generation doesnt resume.
However, other buffs like the ones from Noblesse Oblige and Maiden Beloved remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.
In the case of Viridescent Venerer and Deepwood Memories, the Elemental resistance decrease will remain on the enemy.
Note: exiting combat to change a piece or swap a character in single player will also reset all debuffs and health bar of enemies thus also any Elemental resistance decrease on said enemies. It is possible to avoid this with talents that deal continuous damage, such as Colleis Elemental Burst.
Husk of Opulent Dreams
Heart of Depth
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
Tiny Miracle (removing an artifact piece)
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
Removing an artifact piece
swapping the character out of the team
Tenacity of the Millelith:
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
Removing an artifact piece
Swapping the character out of the team
New or previously undocumented ways to buff a team before overworld combat.
Certain characters with ATK scaling could increase their damage output by pre-buffing with Noblesse Oblige.
Pre-buffing with a set like Maiden Beloved can increase the proc damage of Ocean-Hued Clam without having that set user remain in the team which is usually a total DPS decrease.
Its even possible to debuff an enemy with a resistance decrease set before combat starts.
Since some effects will end instantly if the holder leaves the party, it's important to take that into account while doing Co-Op damage showcases.
As we get new artifact sets, more options to pre-buff in the overworld may become available and as such, having access to a list of buffs that remain will be valuable for players trying to maximise output for a damage showcase.
4 Piece Adventurer Heal Trigger Conditions
Adventurer Set 4 piece interactions, what works is listed below.
Chests : YouTube
Leyline : YouTube
Wooden Crates : YouTube
Smashed Stones/Rock Piles : YouTube
Weekly/World Boss : YouTube, YouTube
Any Investigation :
Conch : YouTube
Geo Sigils : YouTube
Artifacts : YouTube
Best exploration set LMAO.
Geovishap Hatchling Shields with 4 Petra
Geovishap Hatching shields don't activate the 4 Petra bonus
Even though they're mechanically similar to Crystallize shields, hatchling shields don't activate Petra, yet another reason the 4set is trash
Blizzard Strayer and Cryo Resonance don't Snapshot
Cryo resonance and the artefact set Blizzard Strayer never snapshot even with abilities that snapshot. They are always dynamic and will change your CRIT Rate in real time.
Albedo E was used to perform the tests because it doesn't remove Cryo on the enemy and it snapshots.
For Cryo resonance, Albedo was equipped with artifacts to reach 85% CRIT Rate without Blizzard Strayer set bonuses. Below is a video recording of using Albedo E followed by applying Cryo to the enemy. Over a prolonged period I could not get a noncrit Albedo E proc against the enemy.
Following that I reduced the CRIT Rate to 80% and equipped a complete Blizzard Strayer set to Albedo. Once again I could not get noncrit Albedo E proc against the enemy when using Albedo E first followed up by applying Cryo to the enemy.
You cannot snapshot Cryo Resonance or the Blizzard Strayer set bonuses for abilities that usually snapshot and last of a longer period of time.
Blizzard Strayer does not work on 1st Cryo hit
4 piece Blizzard Strayer is not active on the hit that applies Frozen
CRIT counts: Spreadsheet
Only 3 out of 46 hits CRIT, which is statistically improbable with a theoretical 30% CRIT chance. Although by no means conclusive, it strongly hints that 4BS does not work on the hit that applies Cryo.
Blizzard Strayer literally abbreviates to BS.
4-Piece Blizzard Strayer on Frozen aura
Blizzard Strayer does not gain full CRIT Rate bonus against Frozen aura
It is known that some enemies in the game can have innate frozen auras.
This can be observed in both data-mined files and in-game UI.
Data-mined files for Frostarm Lawachurl and Cryo Hypostasis (test subjects for this ticket). Their Element type is defined as Frozen.
Element symbols shown in-game. The two enemies both have same symbol as Frozen enemies instead of Cryo Element symbol.
Frostarm Lawachurl : YouTube
Cryo Hypostasis : YouTube
Against both target:
60% CRIT Rate + 4-Piece BS resulted in some non-CRIT hits, meaning ganyu didnt get full 40% bonus from 4-Piece BS set.
80% CRIT Rate + 4-Piece BS resulted in all attacks being CRIT hits, suggesting 20% CRIT Rate bonus on Cryo aura being active.
Enemies with the Frozen aura do not count as being Frozen for Blizzard Strayer set bonus. Instead, its treated like Cryo aura and you get only 20% CRIT Rate.
Clarification of interaction between Frozen aura and Blizzard Strayer set bonus. Also, Blizzard Strayer still pretty much is bs.
Blizzard Strayer Applies CRIT Rate Before Reactions
Blizzard Strayer gives CRIT Rate buff to reactions that would remove the Cryo/frozen from the enemy.
BS on Melt
BS on Shatter
BS on Swirl
BS on Superconduct
BS on Crystallize
For the Melt test:
61.5% CRIT Rate before BS
0.615 ^ 23 = 0.00001393 aka .001% chance if BS wasn't activating
23 melts 23/23 CRIT
CRIT = 4095
non CRIT = 2118
For the Shatter test:
61.5% CRIT Rate before BS
25 Shatters = 25/25 CRIT
0.615 ^ 25 = 0.00000527 aka .0005% chance if BS wasn't activating
C1 CRIT = 405
C1 noncrit = 203
No c1 CRIT = 352
No c1 noncrit = 177 (some of the diluc hits didnt create the Shatter reaction so it wasn't counted those, they still CRIT but assuming the target just had Cryo and 81% CRIT was hit)
For Superconduct test:
61.5% CRIT Rate before BS
11 Superconduct hits = 11/11 CRIT
0.615 ^ 11 = 0.004 aka .4% chance if BS wasn't activating
CRIT = 177
Non CRIT = 81
For Swirl test:
61.5% CRIT Rate before BS
12 Swirl hits = 12/12 CRIT
0.615 ^ 12 = 0.002 aka .2% chance if BS wasn't activating
CRIT = 550
Non CRIT = 252
For Crystallize test:
81.8% CRIT before BS
21 Crystallizes = 21/21 CRIT
0.818 ^ 21 = 0.014 aka 1.4% chance if BS wasn't activating
CRIT = 2882
Non CRIT = 1324
Better understanding of Blizzard Strayer for reaction comps.
4-Piece Bloodstained Chivalry effect Does Not Work if a CO-OP Teammate takes the Kill
No, it does not even if you have dealt >80% DMG to the enemy.
4-Piece Bloodstained Chivalry effect Persists through a Character Swap
Yes, it doesYouTube
4-Piece Bloodstained Chivalry effect doesnt proc if an Off-Field character takes the Kill
No, it does not.YouTube
4-Piece Bloodstained Chivalry effect doesnt proc if Holder gets a Kill while Off-Field
No, it does not.YouTube
4-Piece Bloodstained Chivalry effect can be Maintained by Chain Killing Enemies
Bloodstained Chivalry 4 Piece Set Effect Can be maintained by chain killing enemies.
t=0, time of death of first Hilichurl
t=7, time of death of second Hilichurl
t=10, buff is still active
t=18, buff deactivates
You still require the minimum amount of stamina to perform a Charged Attack, your stamina just won't be reduced on execution.
Stamina regen will continue even while performing Charged Attacks provided the buff is active allowing you to save stamina for dashing.
Crimson Witch of Flames
Gaining stacks refreshes the duration of old stacks
Finding: Gaining a stack with the Crimson Witch set will refresh the duration of all previous stacks
Significance: Explanation of how Crimson Witch stacks work
Crimson Witch Stacks remain after swapping characters
Finding: Crimson Witch stacks remain after swapping characters.
Significance: Allows players to swap off crimson witch users while maintaining stacks
4-Piece Crimson Witch Effect Works Even When Holder is Off-Field
The 4CW set adds 40% DMG to Overload reactions. If the Pyro holder drops a persistent Skill which triggers a reaction while the Pyro user is not on the field, will this 40% bonus apply?
For example, if Keqing applies Electro > Xiangling drops Guoba a distance away from the enemy > Swap back to Keqing and lure the enemy into Guoba fire, will this Overload reaction benefit from the 40% set bonus?
Yes, the Overload reaction will benefit from the 40% bonus even though Xiangling is not on the field
YouTube - Overload DMG while CW holder inactive
YouTube - Overload DMG while CW holder active
Damage is the same
Pyro supports can hold 4 set crimson witch and be quickly swapped in and out to drop their persistent Pyro abilities without losing the bonus damage to Overload.
4CW set effect applies even if the holder is not the active character. However, the holder must provide the triggering Element.
Echoes of an Offering
Echoes Basic Mechanics
Echoes Flat DMG Not Limited to single-target
Echoes Flat DMG is not limited to single-target (works in AoE).
Math: Google Sheets
Echoes Uses Total ATK After Buffs
Echoes uses total ATK (as expected) including buffs from Bennett, 4-Piece Noblesse, and ATK from weapon passives.
Bennett + Echo Hu Tao: YouTube
Staff of Homa + Echo Hu Tao: YouTube
Homa (<50% HP) + Echo Hu Tao: YouTube
Math: Google Sheets
Echoes' Hit Registration Procs Before Animation
Hit registration occurs before evidence of it in the animation.
In the following video, I got hit out of Kazuha's 2-hit N3 before any visual indication that I'd hit the first attack (before the hitflash) - the hitflash occurs afterward and there's an instance of damage.
Despite not being specifically Echoes related, I do think the question of exactly when damage is registered is important for how Echoes works for characters with fast and/or multihit attacks.
Kazuha's N3 visually has only 10 frames between 3-1 and 3-2, and yet the two hits are independent of each other Echoes Proc-wise which runs contrary to how Echoes should work (within the 12 frame CD time). If 3-1 registers damage a few frames before the hitflash, this may fall in line with Echoes.
Echoes Buff Tied to Frame Data
Echoes effect can be shared with subsequent attacks as long as they fit in the 0.05 second interval.
Math: Google Sheets
Echoes Stacks Even When NAs Deal No Damage
Echoes will stack even when holder's Normal Attacks deal 0 damage.
Testing by first hitting a Mitachurl's shield for 0 damage and then the Mitachurl to deal NA damage results in a sampled Echoes Additive Base DMG Bonus average trigger chance that is abnormally high if the set did not stack on 0-damage Normal Attacks.
Math: Google Sheets
Echoes Average Trigger Chance
4-Piece effect of the artifact set Echoes of an Offering triggers around 50.2% of the time in theory assuming the set works exactly as written.
Based on Markov chains theory, described in the images.
Page 1: Imgur
Page 2: Imgur
The set doesn't actually work as described in-game.
Echoes Trigger Affected by Ping and FPS
Further data that could point to the set working as intended but be subject to ping/possibly low FPS/character multihits quick enough to take advantage of the lag between server and client (like Zhongli, or indicates that his spearkick is simply working differently compared to other multihits).
A typical N5D of Zhongli results in a higher proc rate than a full Ayato E sequence at 200+ ms, because of the spearkick all proccing together, while Ayato has no multihits (1500 hits Zhongli has 47% proc rate vs 1573 hits Ayato has ~34% proc rate)
Spacing hits seems to result in higher proc rate (around the theoretical one): ~50% by doing N1J vs 47% for N5D with Zhongli (777 hits)
Less data so just to observe a pattern: doing full combos with Ayato NAs results in a possibly higher proc rate than with E thanks to 2-hits on N4 --> need more data and to compare it with other characters to see if multihits with higher ping usually link and therefore results in a higher proc rate
More data from different testers on Zhongli that support the theory that the lower the ping, the lower the proc rate and vice versa (more ping = more spearkick hits linking, though we haven't found the higher cap where it becomes less)
Echoes Procs Off-Field, but Doesn't Gains Stacks Off-Field
Turns out, Echoes does proc the buff off-field, but still does not gain stacks off-field.
Video 1: YouTube - Reference of Echoes proc/nonproc damage in the proceeding evidence.
Noncrit without Echoes Proc - 693
Noncrit with Echoes Proc - 1321
CRIT without Echoes Proc - 1223
CRIT with Echoes Proc - 2331
Video 2: YouTube - Echoes proccing the buff off-field on the first hit. (Proof that the buff procs off-field)
Video 3: YouTube - Echoes not proccing the buff off-field after five consecutive off-field hits. (Proof that the buff does not gain stacks off-field)
Echoes Testing On Ayato
Echoes Proc Rate Falls Off After 100+ Ping
EoO proc rate appears to fall off a little bit after 100-110 ping.
Please do not use the individual proc rates at any specific ping level as an indicator for the general proc rate. i.e. there's one entry of a proc rate of 47% at very low ping, due to personal variability, this only indicates that the avg proc rate is within error range of the expected avg of 50.2%.
Ayato's 2nd and C6 Seems to be Linked
Ayato's second slash and first C6 strike seem to be linked. If the second slash is buffed by echos, the first c6 strike is also buffed. In turn, if the second slash is not buffed, the first strike will not be buffed as well. The second strike seems to have its own proc and trigger towards echos.
Echoes Testing on Tartaglia
Echoes Triggering is Weird and Inconsistent For Tartaglia
Something weird is going on. We aren't confident as to what is.
In the following youtube video, at 14s in, Childe attempts a string of N4 Jump. The N3 of this string triggers Echos. The N4 of this string does not trigger Echos. For the next three strings of N4 Jump, Childe does not trigger Echos, totally in 13 hits between Echos procs.
The video does not show Childe's artifacts, but this video does have Echos procs, and the spreadsheet provided has a DMG table and counts of which hits proc Echos (1 being proc, 0 being no proc). Provided on the spreadsheet is framecounts for Childe's N4.
Others in CM are reporting similar things, and I have more footage I have partially gone through that have similar issues. I do have more footage I haven't gone through, and it's in a Google Drive linked on the spreadsheet. If necessary it can be posted to YouTube.
We also are further looking into more strings and potential causes.
Spreadsheet: Google Sheets
Not only can Childe not CRIT, he also can't proc Echos!
All joking aside, there is something wrong witht the Echos proc chance here. This could change the way Echos is looked at, as it messes with how well the set works on Childe, and other characters may have similar issues. I know ZLM have reported weird stuff too.
Tartaglia's N1 or N2 Procing Echoes is Tester Dependent
How Childe's N1 and N2 hits proc Echoes differs depending on the tester. Cause unknown, but it is likely that whatever explains the difference here also explains the similar difference observed between testers for Zhongli's spearkicks (above). The only obvious possible explanation that me and valorha could come up with for Zhongli is ping.
I recorded a video of my Childe doing NA combos, and Myst recorded some videos of his Childe doing NA combos. In my video, Childe's N1 and N2 procced exclusively: either one could proc or neither could proc, but both could not proc in the same combo. In Myst's videos, Childe's N1 and N2 were linked: either they both procced together or not at all.
My Video: YouTube
Myst's Videos: Google Drive
Myst's Spreadsheet Google Sheets
Echoes Testing On Zhongli
Echoes Proc on Zhongli Spearkick Attack Differs Between Tester
How Zhongli's spearkick hits proc Echoes differs depending on the tester. Cause unknown, but the only obvious possible explanation that me and valorha could come up with is ping. I have about 50-60 ms on average, while valorha has 200+ ms on average.
I analyzed 106 Zhongli combos versus a Ruin Guard outside Mondstadt. In all of my combos, the first and second spearkick hits were linked: they either procced Echoes together or not at all. When the first two procced together, the third hit sometimes procced, but the fourth hit never procced. When the first two did not proc, the third and fourth hit were both able to proc and seemed to do so independently.
valorha over on Zhongli mains similarly tested 136 Zhongli combos versus a Ruin Guard and the Childe weekly boss. For valorha, all of the spearkick hits were linked: all four either procced Echoes together or not at all. There was one exception at combo 91, where the first three spearkick hits procced but the last did not.
My Video: YouTube
My Spreadsheet (with help from Zerodyme): Google Sheets
valorha's Video #1: YouTube
valorha's Video #2: YouTube
valorha's Spreadsheet: Google Sheets
In continuation to the finding above, lower framerate might have an effect on the behavior of the set on Zhongli, particularly the spearkick, possibly lowering the proc rate.
I recorded 2 encounters with the same enemy, with the same set pieces and weapon, but on 1st encounter I had 60 FPS, and on second 30 FPS, totaling 36 combos for the 1st encounter and 33 for the 2nd.
In 60 FPS, 17/18 times, the 4 hits of the spearkick procced together.
However, in 30 FPS, at most only 3 hits of the spearkick did so.
Spreadsheet (2nd tab): Google Sheets
Echoes can Fail to Proc Even After 7-9 Hits On Zhongli
Zhongli's spearkick combos can fail to proc Echoes after 7, 8, or even 9 hits. If this differs between testers, it is likely that whatever explains the difference between spearkick proc patterns (above) also explains this differs between testers.
I analyzed 106 Zhongli combos versus a Ruin Guard. There are 7 recorded hits which fail to proc in a row between combo 81 (beginning at 4:48 in my video) and 82.
valorha analyzed over 136 combos versus a Ruin Guard and the Childe weekly boss, and got 8 recorded hits versus the Ruin Guard which fail to proc in a row between combo 58 (beginning at 2:27 of their first video) and 59. There were 9 recorded hits versus Childe which fail to proc in a row between combo 88 (beginning at 3:59 of their first video) and 89.
My Video: YouTube
My Spreadsheet (with help from Zerodyme): Google Sheets
valorha's Video #1: YouTube
valorha's Video #2: YouTube
valorha's Spreadsheet: Google Sheets
More Zhongli Testing Data
Additional data about Zhongli's spear kick, performed at 140-150ms ping
160 full combos (plus some partial ones because I can't click properly) against Ruin Guard. First three hits of N5 were linked, except for once instance where only the first two were linked.
Spreadsheet (includes links to videos): docs.google.com
More Zhongli Testing Data at 160+ Ping
Additional data about Zhongli's with the Echoes Set, performed at 165-170+ ping (fluctuated a lot more)
35 Full N5D combos vs a Ruin Guard
First 3 hits of the spear kick were mostly linked
Even More Data on Zhongli's String with Echoes
Disclaimer: Because I was dumb and didn't notice, my N3 non proc CRIT and proc non CRIT is the same value. Logically, due to my 5% CRIT Rate it should count as a proc but I've chosen to disregard all N3 data instead, just in case.
More data on Zhongli's string for Echoes. (80 ish ms ping) I'm getting a consistent amount of 3 links in the spear kick.
Bonus: I had a point in my testing where I disconnected entirely. It resulted in a 4 linked spear kick + N6 proc. Since it only happened once, I can't say it as hard evidence but it's a good chance it can contribute to the timer/ping theory. Included in the sheet at the bottom with vid, the disconnect happened around 00:10 (as you can tell by the ping meter and the sudden appearance of numbers as I reconnect). For as far as I have, this is my only occurrence of a 4 linked spear kick and technically 5 procs in a row.
37 full NA strings + 1 vid where I disconnected out of pure luck.
Echoes Testing on Other Characters
Yoimiya's N1 Procing Echoes Depends on Range
How Yoimiya's N1 hits proc Echoes differs depending on range. Cause unknown, but the most obvious explanation is that getting closer causes the second hit to happen within the 0.05 buff procced by the first.
However, I could not get the second N1 hit to proc without the first proccing, which should theoretically be possible if the first N1 does not proc the buff given the above explanation.
Two videos show my Yoimiya doing N1 versus a Ruin Guard, one at range and one as close as possible. When at range, each N1 hits proc independently: they can both proc, neither proc, or either one can proc. When as close as possible to the Ruin Guard, the N1 hits become linked: they either proc together or not at all.
Close Range: YouTube
Long Range: YouTube
Kazuha NA Interaction with Echoes
Kazuha's 3-hit N5 is "linked"
Kaz's 2-hit N3 is not "linked"
I analysed 107 full N5 strings against a downed Ruin Guard over 2 sessions
The first 2 hits display the same proc (i.e NN or PP) in 105/107 trials
The 3rd hit only procced in 6/107 trials, and those 6 were all NNP overall for N5. If you assume even the minimum 36% proc chance for N5-N3, the chance to get only 6 procs in 107 trials is in the region of 6x10-14
Every combination has been observed multiple times (NN, NP, PN, PP)
Emblem of Severed Fate
4ESF takes into account both base ER and ER from ascension
Tested using an A5 Bennett's Burst.
Damage with 3ESF: 947 non-CRIT
Damage with 4ESF, added piece has DEF and HP stats only: 1257 non-CRIT
Expected ratio: (1+.07)/(1+.07+.25 1.40)= .75
Actual ratio: 947/1257=.75
Video for 3ESF
Video for 4ESF
Eosf Interactions With ER Buffs
Full list of current (4.8) ER buffs that affect and don't affect EoSF's Burst DMG%
Dori C4: YouTube
Keqing A4: YouTube
Razor A4: YouTube
AMC C2: YouTube
Bennett C2: YouTube
Collei C1: YouTube
Fleuve Cendre Ferryman: YouTube
Engulfing Lightning: YouTube
20% ER Abyss Card: YouTube
EMC E (with A4): YouTube
EMC E (without A4): YouTube
Xiphos (on EoSF user): YouTube
Xiphos (from teammate): YouTube
So, it seems like EoSF excludes percentage-based buffs (at least, all the current ones). EMC's E without A4 doesn't have any percentage-based scaling, as it's just a flat 20% ER buff at that point, but it seems like Hoyo opted to blacklist the buff entirely, rather than implementing a check for if EMC's A4 is unlocked.
Synergy (or lackthereof) between EoSF and various ER buffs
Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy
Fragment Of Harmonic Whimsy procs on Bol Gain
Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy does gain a stack upon gaining Bond of Life from none
2591.3 (0.12+0.18 from weapon and set) = 336
Clarifying set effect, value "increase" does not have to be of an existing bond.
Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy 4pc is a snapshottable buff
YouTube (burst non crits do 1707 damage the whole time despite the buff only lasting 6s)
4-Piece Gambler procs without Skill on CD
Cooldown of 4-Piece gambler effect starts on any DMG output from Elemental Skill.
For example, Sayu's roll does not trigger Sacrificial Greatsword effect - it does not reset the cooldown while using 4-Piece gambler as well, however it does proc the effect since 4-Piece gambler starts 15s cooldown timer.
Another example could be Fischl's Oz, however it's harder to test.
Killing 2 Geo slimes Imgur
Killing 2 foxes Imgur
Gilded Dreams' 4-Piece Passive does not apply to the hit that triggered its effect
Gilded Dreams' 4-Piece Passive does not apply to the hit that triggered it or the reactions triggered by that hit.
Better understand of GD for artifact recommendations and calculations.
Husk of Opulent Dreams
Husk 4-Piece gains stack off-field even if you don't deal Geo damage
Husk 4-Piece stacks are gained when hitting an opponent with a Geo attack even when attacking shielded targets and dealing no damage. - Wulfric Waifu Gachapon
Husk 4-Piece also stacks vs. targets immune to Geo damage. - Wulfric Waifu Gachapon
Husk Stacks Behave Exactly as Advertised
Stacks can be gained off-field after 3 seconds, the timer restarts after going on-field, it does not pause and continue.
Stacks are lost after 6 seconds of not gaining a stack, not after going on-field.
You can lose a stack in less than 6 seconds if you gained/refreshed a stack while off-field and swapped in within the 3 seconds between the refresh and gaining a new stack.
This also means you can lose a stack off-field by swapping off with 1-2 seconds left before stack loss.
Losing 2 stacks in 10s
Losing stacks off-field
Clarification of Husk mechanics, explanation for apparent damage losses for no reason, and a reminder to read the descriptions more carefully.
4-Piece Instructor only procs on field
Instructor user needs to be on the field to trigger the 4-Piece bonus
Units that were tested:
Fischl - C6/E
Albedo - E
Sucrose - Q
Amber - E
Hu Tao - E flowers
Make sure to land the reaction before swapping off the Instructor user.
Instructor duration extend
Triggering another reaction during 4-Piece instructor buff extends duration of buff
The buff time can be extended by swapping back into the carrier and triggering a reaction.
Instructor Doesn't Apply To Triggering hit
4pc Instructor set doesn't apply to the hit/reaction that causes it.
Non-4pc Instructor on Amber: Video
4pc Instructor on Amber: Video
Non-4pc Instructor on Sara: Video
4pc Instructor on Sara: Video
Result: The damage is the same for both CAs in both tests.
Instructor Ignores Environmental Target And Your Characters
The 4-Piece Instructors set bonus will not be activated by reactions with non enemies triggered by the holder, including reactions triggered on characters.
Video: Sara has 97 EM before and after triggering Overload on a stove fire.
Video: Chongyun has 110 EM before and after triggering Freeze on a river.
Video: Barbara has 141 EM before and after triggering Vaporize on a stove fire.
Video: Bennett and Razor (both wearing 4ins bc I cba figuring out who triggers) have the same EM before and after triggering Overload on themselves.
Video: Bennett and Razor (both wearing 4ins) have the same EM before and after triggering Overload on themselves with an enemy within range to take damage.
Can't use environmental reactions to set up screenshots. Can't use self reactions to trigger 4ins for sunfire/Razor-Bennett self OL/other self reaction cheese teams.
4-Piece Instructor For Simultaneous Attacks
4pc Instructor effect does apply to the second hit of a simultaneous attack, if the first hit triggered a reaction.
The Aggravated absorbed Electro from Sucrose's Burst deals 1488 damage, which is close to the expected 1451 damage from 240 EM, 291 ATK. YouTube
Reaction triggered effects apply immediately. Attack stats are per instance of damage.
I said so.
4-Piece Maiden's Beloved Increases the Healing Effectiveness of Prototype Amber
Is healing bonus applicable to the above mentioned weapon and increase its healing further?
(#2 Healing Bonus only:)
Yes it does, however the total healing output is nowhere close to 'actual healers' but for those curious here's the answer.
Healing Bonus does add on to the weapon as well the difference can be noted from no healing bonus and with healing bonus.
Without 4-Piece Maiden's = 2139
With healing bonus only = 2798
With 4-Piece Maiden's = 2888
Prototype Amber at R2
Healing bonus of 30.8%
Ningguang was used due to her low Burst Energy cost (40)
Above numbers have being subtracted from 150 (started with that HP before healing)
4-Piece Maiden's Doesnt Stack
4pc Maiden's Beloved's effect does not stack on multiple uses, and instead refreshes the duration
Better understanding of Maiden's Beloved effect.
4MH does not trigger on max HP change
Finding: Max HP buffs do not trigger the Marechaussee Hunter set effect
4MH does not stack off field
Finding: Marechausse Hunter does not stack off field, however switching off field does not lose stacks
4MH can get multiple stacks simultaneously
Finding: Hunter can get multiple stacks simultaneously (each instance of HP change regardless of when would then count)
4MH stacks share duration
Finding: Marechausse Hunter stacks share duration, new stacks refresh existing stacks duration
Xianyun's healing interval is 2.5 seconds, the first generated stack does not run out after the third healing tick
(Masanori Timer evidence: 1:38 first stack; 1:33 third stack; stats checked at 1:32)
Self 4NO Interactions
Documentation for all units on whether their own 4no set affects their Burst.
Previously known inconsistencies: Beidou, Ningguang
Newly documented as inconsistent: AMC, Sayu, Aloy
Does not receive 4NO: Ganyu
Non snapshot units are still tested to see if the buff applies in time for the first instance of damage from their Burst (like Eula, Keq), since there are other on-Burst effects, like MSR, that do not consistently apply in time.
Whether you should run 4NO.
Bubble Damage is considered as Physical Damage and can be boosted by Superconduct and other sources of Physical Resistance Reduction.
All healing coming from the set wielder gets calculated for the Bubble Damage including overflow heals of any degree.
The limit for bubble count on field for single-player mode is shared while the 3.5s bubble formation ICD is not.
Ocean Hued set does not count healing from other party members, only from the initial set holder. This is also the case with multiple Ocean Hued sets on the same team.
OHC is indeed independent of enemy DEF.
4-Piece OHC doesn't proc from Bennett's Burst after HP reaches 70%.
OHC counts initial heal as part of the clamage
OHC AoE range is 5.5m radius and it can hit multiple target at once.
Evidence: Abyss tile distance 1 | 2 | Hitting Multiple targets | Abyss tile distance (YouTube)
Revives such as Barbara C6 and Qiqi C6 count for clamage healing.
Evidence: Album | Barbara Res Video | Qiqi Res Video
Heals (and Overheals) from Black Sword will activate Ocean-Hued Clam.
Bubble Damage is Physical Damage
Basic Mechanics Discussion
Bubble Damage is considered as Physical Damage and can be boosted by Superconduct and other sources of Physical Resistance Reduction
HP = 20175
Healing Bonus = 40%
T6 E = 6.2% HP + 671
Ruin Guard = 70% Physical resistance
Number of E Procs = 1
Clip showed the bubble deal 729 damage
The first clip with SC showed the bubble deal 1687 damage
Superconduct = -40% Physical resistance
The second clip with Zhongli Shred showed the bubble deal 1205 damage
Zhongli Shred = -20% Physical resistance
All Healing by Set Wielder Affects Bubble Damage Including Overflow
Basic Mechanics Discussion
All healing coming from the set wielder gets calculated for the Bubble Damage including overflow heals of any degree
HP = 20175
Healing Bonus = 40%
T6 Q = 1.13% HP + 122
Ruin Guard = 70% Physical resistance
Number of NA Hits while Q is activated = 1
Clip #1 - Solo Kokomi
bubble dealt 132 damage
This then scaled linearly as more units got added into the party as shown in Clip #2, #3, and #4 where the bubble dealt 264, 397, and 529 respectively, which also shows that healing for the whole party is being taken into account, including healing for those that aren't on field
Clip #5 - With Hydro Resonance
bubble dealt 642 damage
Incoming Healing Bonus for all party members = +30%
Number of E Procs = 1
Video shows that the bubble damage remained constant regardless of the HP that was restored
This means that all healing from the set wielder, whether the set wielder is on field and healed a teammate that is off field or someone else is on field while the set wielder healed that unit while off field (which is also stated in the set description), or whether the healing overflows or not doesn't matter and are all taken into calculation for the bubble damage.
Limit for Bubble Count On Field is Shared while ICD is Not
Basic Mechanics Discussion
YouTube | Imgur
The clip from 0:00 - 0:17 and 0:34 onwards shows that only one bubble can be on the field even when there are 2 units that have the full set. However, the set description also states that only one bubble can form every 3.5s which implies that the bubble formation ICD is also shared, which isn't the case as shown by the clip from 0:18 - 0:26. The imgur link shows a frame by frame analysis where the bubble formed from Qiqi E popping animation started until the point where the bubble formed from Kokomi E is already visible enough happened all within 6 frames, which is way below the implied 0.5s/30f downtime of the bubble formation for a single full Ocean set per team scenario. This does not say anything about coop interactions and mechanics of the set however and may be worth testing idk
4OHC does not Shatter Frozen enemies
4OHC's Physical damage is not a blunt hit and will not Shatter Frozen enemies.
4OHC is usable in Freeze teams.
Extensive Look at What Heals Count for OHC
OHC procs on a lot on non-conventional types of healing, this ticket aims to document that.
Anemo Traveler A4 (Yes) YouTube
Barabara/Qiqi C6 (Yes, already in KQM Library)
Fischl C4 (yes) YouTube
Gorou C4 (yes) YouTube
Sayu A1 (yes) YouTube
Kaeya A1 (yes) YouTube
Zhongli C6 (yes) Imgur
Hu Tao Burst (yes) YouTube
Prototype Amber Passive (Yes, already in KQM Library)
Black Sword (Yes, already in KQM Library)
Aquila Favonia (yes) YouTube
White Iron Greatsword (yes) YouTube
Traveler's Handy Sword (yes) YouTube
Otherworldly Story (yes) YouTube
Recurve Bow (yes) YouTube
Statue of the Seven (no)
Food, esp DoT healing food (no)
Revival after party wipe in overworld (no) YouTube
Co-op Domains - leaving after death (no)YouTube
Co-op Domains - restart after team wipe (no) YouTube
Abyss cards - HP regen on killing enemies (no) YouTube
Abyss cards - Instant 25% HP (no) YouTube
Windtrace Healing (yes) YouTube
Better understanding of OHC and what it benefits from.
4-Piece Pale Flame Stacks persist after swap
Finding: the stacks (and their related effects) generated by hitting enemies with Elemental Skill damage by the 4-Piece Pale Flame artifact set persist after swapping characters.
Significance: allows 4-Piece PF users to swap off
4-Piece Pale Flame Duration Refresh
Finding: Duration of 1st 4-Piece Pale Flame stack will reset upon receiving 2nd stack if the 1st stack hasn't expired yet.
Significance: All character with Elemental Skill cooldown + animation time < 7s can maintain Pale Flame 2 stack buff indefinitely.
4-Piece Pale Flame Buff Activation Timing
4pc PF buff does NOT buff the hit that triggered it, nor any hits following the trigger within a small window. The timing for when the buff begins is ping dependent.
60 FPS, ~170 ping: 1st Icewhirl does 4495 damage, 2nd does 4653
60 FPS, ~190 ping: 1st Icewhirl does 4495 damage, 2nd does 4495
Rotation: (prestack 2 Grimheart), with 0 PF stacks to start (let it expire before Hold E), Hold E (no buff), 1st Ice (no buff), 2nd Ice (9% ATK), A1 (Full buff) at ping from 0 to ~185. Above 185 ping, both Icewhirls are unbuffed.
Starting Hold E at 0 PF results in different Icewhirl damage at low ping, but it also affects the standard rotation since you go into Hold E with 1 PF stack. Thus, the first Icewhirl gets 1 stack of PF and the 2nd one gets 2 stacks.
Values were tested and compared with sheet calcs at multiple ping levels, but I also got lucky enough to have 2 clips where every single hit was a CRIT, but the 2nd Icewhirl on the lower ping did more damage.
4pc PF works differently than most think, it's a slightly delayed buff.
2-Piece set bonus only works on user
Finding: The 2-Piece effect of the Retracing Bolide artifact set only works on the character equipping the artifact set; if the character using the set creates a shield and then swaps, the shield strength bonus will not persist.
Significance: using 2-Piece bolide on shield supports for the shield strength bonus is pointless.
Tenacity of the Millelith
4-Piece TotM procs against shielded enemies
Theory: The 4 piece effect of Tenacity of the Millelith activates with Elemental Skills hitting shielded enemies and dealing no damage.
VS Elemental shields
Vs wood tower shields
Significance: 4-Piece Millelith can have 100% uptime even against enemies that block all incoming damage.
4-Piece TotM does not stack and resets duration
The 4-Piece effect of Tenacity of the Millelith does not stack and its duration can be reset.
4ToM Does Not Stack: Imgur
Zhongli ATK stays the same despite having "2" 4ToM applied via Zhongli E + Diona E.
4ToM Resetting Duration: Imgur
Buff activates at 11s ish (18s left in the vid), I open menu between 12s - 17s and buff is "reset" by Zhongli E at 18s ish and lasts until 21s ish.
Stacking 4 TotM on 2 characters on the same team has consequences.
The Exile Mechanics
The Exile mechanics.
A compilation of mechanics regarding The Exile's 4-Piece effect.
Energy regeneration doesn't start immediately, but after 2s, and ticks every 2s for 3 times. All Energy is regenerated earliest after 6s. This timing is similar to that of Prototype Amber's passive.
While the 2nd and 3rd Energy regeneration ticks occur with intervals of 2.02s 0.03s, the first tick occurs 0.08s (5 frames) slower (statistically significant) at 2.09s 0.06s for unknown reasons. These timings aren't affected by different characters' different Burst animations times.
The Energy regeneration ticks are subject to hit-lag.
Characters that have longer Energy consumption frames may not receive the first Energy regeneration tick. For example, if Gorou is holding The Exile, doing "Gorou Q > Venti Q" will let Venti receive only 2 out of the 3 ticks (assuming Venti's Energy was already full at the time of casting Gorou Q). Generally, this happens for characters with ~60 and more Energy consumption frames.
Similar to the above, rotations can affect the number of received Energy regeneration ticks. For example, while "Gorou Q > Itto Q" will always let Itto receive all Energy restoration ticks, changing the rotation to "Gorou EQ > Albedo E > Itto N1 Q" will instead let Itto consistently receive 2 out of 3 the Energy restoration ticks (assuming Itto's Energy was already full at the time of casting Gorou Q).
Evidence for 1, 2 & 3: Google Sheets
Evidence for 4 & 5: Google Sheets
Better understanding of The Exile. It's important for accurate ER calculations to be aware of how many Energy regeneration ticks The Exile actually gives, since this can vary.
Unfinished Reverie Snapshots
The DMG Bonus from 4pc Unfinished Reverie can snapshot.
Xiangling's damage is expected to drop after 6s in battle without Burning triggered, but the damage stays the same for the entire Burst.
This set can be viable for characters who can snapshot even without Burning, if they can clear a Spiral Abyss chamber in a single rotation.
The buff gained and Energy drain can not reoccur if effect has been activated.
Evidence: 1 2
Shimenawa Energy drain delay
Shimenawa Set Energy drain also do not happen immediately. There is about a 7-frame delay (can be more depend on latency) from the moment your character Elemental Skill is used to when you character actually lose Energy.
Frame count (from beginning till 2:00): YouTube
Extra Razor, lisa, sayu, chongyun framecount: YouTube
Imgur - Childe using Shimenawa, still able to cast E into Q while getting the Normal Attack damage buff. I attack at the beginning to showcase the DMG difference after the buff.
Imgur - Another example of Childe (credit to Seres from ChildeMains for this clip)
Imgur - Example of Ning using SR and doing E into Q at high ping (thanks to)
YouTube - Example of Keqing at high ping (thanks to)
If a character can cast their Elemental Skill and then Burst in about less than 7 frame, they can spend the Energy before being drained, bypassing the large cost of using Shimenawa set. Childe walking E (thanks to) is currently the only Skill found to be fast enough for this tech to work, so this remains largely impractical in gameplay, but maybe future character can benefit more from Shimenawa with this finding. Also, with high ping (400-600ms) it is possible to extend the Energy drain delay long enough so other character can Burst before the drain.
Song of Days Past
SODP Recording Healing
The artifact set Song of Days Past can record healing while the buff is active.
The set has 2 parts:
The Yearning effect which lasts 6s and records healing.
This effect can only exist 1 at a time.
The effect is then transformed into the Song of Days Past effect which is the buff that lasts 10s.
This effect is different from the Yearning effect which means you can record healing while the buff is active.
So you could potentially get more damage/procs from the artifact set if your healing lasted longer than 6s (and healed enough :Deadge: )
How 4-Piece Thundering Fury Interacts with Elemental Mastery
4-Piece thundering fury gives +40% to damage caused by Overloaded, Electro-Charged, and Superconduct. We know that Elemental mastery provides a multiplier to Elemental reactions.
Question: Is the 4 set thundering fury effect additive or multiplicative to the bonus from Elemental mastery?
Conclusion: Damage boosts regarding reactions are additive with the multiplier from Elemental Mastery.
4-Piece Thundering Fury Effect Only Works if the Holder Procs the Reaction
The 4TF set effect adds 40% additional damage to Electro-related reactions. In addition, everytime a reaction is proccd, the E CD is reduced by 1 second (every 0.8s).
The question is whether or not the holder must be the one proccing the reaction as opposed to a support.
For example, if Keqing has 4TF, applies Electro, and Xiangling Guoba triggers Overload, will this Overload damage be increased by 40% or no?
The answer is no. In order to benefit from the increased damage, Keqing must be the one triggering the reaction.
This also applies for the cooldown reduction effect; Keqing must be the one triggering in order to get the cooldown reduction.
In solo PvE play, Keqing does NOT frequently trigger Elemental reactions due to her high rate of application of Electro.
Therefore, Keqing does not significantly benefit from the 4 set thundering fury effect.
4-Piece Thundering Furys 40% ReactionDMG Increase Works When Wearer is Off-Field
In short, yes. The 4 set TF increases reaction damage even if the holder is not on the field.
Note: No significant EM differences. Level differences are: Xiangling lvl 60; Fischl lvl 70
The following tests were conducted on a lvl 71 Ruin Guard:
Fischl proccing Overload while present
Overload does 2066 damage
Fischl proccing Overload while not present
Overload does 2066 damage
See above video as well.
Xiangling proccing Overload
Overload does 1077 damage
Fischl (with no 4 set) proccing Overload both while present and not present
Overload does 1476 damage regardless of whether fischl is on field or not
Evidence (for fischl on field)
Evidence (for fischl not on field)
This finding means that you can put 4TF on a support and get the bonus damage to reactions even if they are not on the field.
4-Piece Thundering Fury Holder, if not on-field, cannot benefit from the CD Reduction
In short, no. The 4TF holder must be on the field to gain the benefit of the 1s CD reduction.
We know (just to reaffirm) that if the 4TF holder is on the field and proccing the reaction, the 1s CD reduction applies with every reaction
Xiangling using Guoba on Electro slimes shows each Guoba tick reducing cd by 1 s.
Xingqiu using his swords to reduce cd by 1s on Electro slimes.
But if the 4TF holder is not on the field but proccing the reaction, the 1s CD reduction does not go through.
In the video you can see that at roughly 2.33s into the video Guoba is summoned with 11.9s CD.
2 overloads occur (at 4s and 6s)
At 8s into the video Xiangling is switched back in and Guoba has a 6.2s CD
In total, roughly 5.33s has passed and Guoba has only gone down in 5.7s
2s has not been reduced and the 0.37s can be equated to just human error in measuring timings.
This result also confirmed by using Barbara E and then switching to Keqing, no CD reduction occurred.
4TF holders who trigger reactions while not on the field will not get the 1s CDR.
Frame Analysis of 4-Piece Thundering Fury and Electro-Charged Interactions
4 set Thundering Fury has 2 effects
+40% reaction damage to Superconduct, Overload, and Electro-Charged
Triggering such effects decreases Elemental Skill CD by 1s. Can only occur once every 0.8s.
In Electrocharged, the E CDR (cooldown reduction) functions separately from the reaction damage bonus.
In other words, it is possible to trigger the E CDR, without dealing reaction damage at the same instant.
Refer to this video for analysis. Keqing is wearing 4TF and XQ is not.
At 0:02, start counting frames.
Keqing is mid blink via E2 and is about to trigger an Electro-Charged
Hydro aura will be applied by the XQ orbital swords and the E recast damage will trigger Electro-Charged
Please observe the E cooldown. After E2, you will observe that frame in which it switches from E2 recast to the E cooldown, the cooldown shown is 6.8 seconds
We will refer to the frame in which 6.8s CD becomes visible as frame 0
6.8 E CD becomes visible
Electro-Charged font becomes visible
4TF effect is triggered
This is denoted by the white flash on the E circle and reduction of the cooldown to 5.8s
Observe the enemy and you can see a purple-white flash appear at the same time.
1713 (KQ Electro-Charged DMG) visible and HP reduction visible
KQ autoattack and purple-white flash appears
E CDR occurs and CD changes from 4.7s to 3.7s
1713 (KQ Electro-Charged DMG) disappears 54 frames after becoming visible
777 (XQ Electro-Charged DMG) visible and HP reduction visible
55 frames after initial damage (frame 15)
777 (XQ Electro-Charged DMG) disappears 53 frames after becoming visible
777 (XQ Electro-Charged DMG) visible and HP reduction visible
59 frames after previous tick (frame 70)
Frames 4, 15, 57, and 69 demonstrate that in Electro-Charged, the 4TF E CDR functions separately from the reaction damage
At frame 4, we obtained E CDR, but it wasnt until frame 15 until the reaction damage actually went through.
At frame 57, we observe KQ trigger the 4TF E CDR, but there is no reaction damage
At frame 69, we realise that XQ triggered the next tick of Electro-Charged because his orbital swords or Q swords were the last Elemental source applied to the target.
Thus, we can conclude that KQ can trigger 4TFs E CDR effect without actually triggering Electro-Charged reaction damage.
There are only 2 conditions for KQ to trigger E CDR in the context of Electro-Charged.
4TF must not be on CD (0.8s ICD)
KQ must apply an Electro Elemental source to an enemy with existing Hydro aura.
Therefore, 4TF is actually not hampered by Electro-Chargeds 1 second ICD. As long as you can keep constant Hydro aura on the enemy you can switch between different Elemental sources (E1, E2, Electro-imbued autoattacks, and Q) to obtain E CDR.
4TF Passive Triggered can be Triggered on Non-Damaging Elemental Applications
Finding: Thundering Fury 4-Piece set effect (cooldown reduction) can be triggered by non-damaging Hydro application.
I have 2 examples where this can be observed. The first one uses XQ's Skill, where we see 4TF triggered repeatedly even without XQ doing any damaging moves (Oz deals damage, but he is the aura, not trigger for Electro-Charged). YouTube
The second example uses Barbara's Skill. Here, Oz was the trigger majority of the time, but during his ICD, Barbara was able to trigger 4TF (at about 00:07). YouTube
Here is a third example, where we don't rely on Oz as our Electro crutch. Tested on Hidden Palace of Lianshan Formula I (the weapon domain in Liyue). YouTube
Limit testing for 4TF set effect.
Makes 4TF XQ carry an attractive idea to explore.
Additionally: No, 4TF does not reduce sac sword cooldown.
4-Piece Thundersoother's effect Works for Heroes Off-Field
It does work for characters off screen, can be useful for pure Electro DMG parties using Fischl as extra damage source
Tiara Status Resist 1-set Effect Applies Even if not Visually Active
In this test, we see if the 1 set effect of Tiara is active even when not visually active due to have 2 other concurrent set effects enabled (eg 2 set Instructor + 2 set Berserker + 1 set Tiara).
For the test I used Venti Lvl. 40 with and without Tiara of Flame (40% less time affected by Pyro), and to apply the Pyro debuff I used Xiangling's Elemental Skill with grass to create a fire surface.
Test 1 - No Tiara on, both set slots filled - Pyro debuff lasts for aprox 10 seconds
Test 2 - Tiara on, both set slots filled, tiara buff not showing - Pyro debuff lasts for aprox 4/5 seconds
Test 3 - Tiara on, buff showing - Pyro debuff lasts for approx 4/5 seconds
The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
80% Status Resistance is Possible through Tiara
In this test, we see if the 1 set effect of the Tiara is active in Domains and if its stackable with Elemental resonances (Hydro resonance for this particular test).
Tiara of Flame, Domain tests:
Test 1 - No tiara, both set slots filled - Pyro debuff last long enough for the domain to reapply before it wears off. Pyro debuff infinite duration
Test 2 - Tiara on, both set slots filled, tiara buff not showing - Pyro debuff lasts 25 seconds
Test 3 - Tiara on, buff showing - Pyro debuff lasts 25 seconds
Test 4 - Tiara on, buff showing, Hydro resonance up - Pyro debuff lasts for only 8 seconds.
Conclusion: the Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with Elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.
Additional testing was performed by Tankex regarding Electro debuff
I decided to test if the "Affected by Element for 40% less time" bonus also work with other domains apart from fire. I did some runs with and without the tiara in "Hidden Palace of Lianshian Formula" to test the Electro Debuff and I got this.
Test 1 - No tiara nor Elemental resonance - Duration of the Debuff 20 seconds.
Test 2 - Tiara on, no Elemental resonance - Duration of the Debuff 12 seconds.
4-Piece Tiny Miracle Doesn't Proc on Damage Dealt to Shields
Finding: 4-Piece Tiny Miracle doesn't proc on damage dealt to shields
Tiny Miracle is equipped and you don't get RES% buff until after shield is broken, shown in video
Significance: Very important for Tiny Miracle users. Min max your shield by getting hit before the shield is up.
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer Res Shred Mechanics
Viridescent Venerers RES Shred passive only buffs Swirl DMG against an enemy with a pre-existing aura.
Tested against 3 Hilichurls of the same level, with Lisa first applying Electro aura on one Hilichurl and swirling with Venti
Things to know: Hilichurl base RES = 10%
Hilichurl RES (with VV shred) = 10% - 40% = -30% (BUT RES Shred is halved below zero, so -30/2 = -15%)
RES% Multiplier = 1 - Enemy RES%
Incoming Swirl DMG = Outgoing Swirl DMG RES% Multiplier
Outgoing Swirl DMG = Incoming Swirl DMG / RES% Multiplier
1st clip (Raven Bow Venti, 270 EM, 4VV): https://youtu.be/Ui78cv0ZyjM
Electro Swirl DMG on Swirled Hilichurl = 2603
Outgoing DMG = 2603 / (1 - (-0.15)) = 2263.478261
Calculated Swirl DMG against a Hilichurl with 10% RES: 2263 (1 - 0.1) = 2036.7 (rounded to 2037)
Swirl AoE DMG on surrounding Hilichurls = 2037
Calculated Swirl DMG matches ingame Swirl DMG against a Hilichurl with base RES
2nd clip (Stringless Venti, 400 EM, 4VV): https://youtu.be/5Gvo3Wzptc
Electro Swirl DMG on Swirled Hilichurl = 3173
Outgoing DMG = 3173 / (1 - (-0.15)) = 2759.130435
Calculated Swirl DMG against a Hilichurl with base RES:
2759 (1 - 0.1) = 2483.217391 (rounded to 2483)
Swirl AoE DMG on surrounding Hilichurls = 2483
Again, calculated Swirl DMG matches Swirl DMG in-game
3rd clip (Stringless Venti, 400 EM, 2NO + 2VV): https://youtu.be/QsQ90L5TUWc
Electro Swirl DMG on Swirled Hilichurl = 2134
Swirl AoE DMG on surrounding Hilichurls = 2134
All Hilichurls had their base RES, therefore each of them received the same Swirl DMG.
Viridescent Venerers RES Shred passive also works on surrounding enemies after being affected by Swirls AoE.
Clip 1 was tested against the 3 same hilichurls using the same rotation and setup with Lisa + Venti (with ZL for shielding + RES Shred. https://youtu.be/bZOAH38YLMs
With Zhonglis shred in effect, Lisas 1-hit AA dealt 16 Electro DMG against one Hilichurl. Since all Hilichurls share the same base RES, we can assume Lisa will deal 16 DMG to the other two when paired with Zhonglis RES Shred.
Venti triggered Swirl, and the Electro status as well as the DMG spread to the rest of the hilichurls (as for the different Swirl DMG values shown in the clip, reasons were Zhonglis shield range + VV shred mechanic finding above). After the Swirl, Lisa performed 1-hit AA on the Hilichurls, dealing 20 DMG to each one. ZL shred is still active in this scenario, but there is still a DMG increase after the VV proc from Venti.
Clip 2 involved the same enemies minus Zhongli shred. https://youtu.be/QzwUxjJ0k4U
Lisas 1-hit AA dealt 14 DMG and applied Electro to one Hilichurl. After swirling with Venti and triggering VV, Lisa performed 1-hit AA and dealt 18 DMG against each Hilichurl. Although the two Hilichurls werent affected by the Swirl reaction, they were affected by its AoE, and the VV resistance reduction was also applied afterward.
Viridescent Venerer continues to be a powerful set for Anemo supports. On 2021-06-21, the wiki stated that VVs resistance reduction only affects the enemy hit by the Swirl reaction, but as I finished recording counterproof it had been changed, proving my findings.
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer can Simultaneously Stack Different Element Resist Debuffs
Viridescent Venerer 4set effect can trigger multiple times for different Element, allowing you to stack different Elemental resistances together.
Used Barbara for Hydro debuff, Fischl for Electro debuff. Compared the DMG before and after Swirl takes place
Barbara Normal Attack before Swirl : 63
Barbara Normal Attack after Swirl : 80
Fischl charged attack before Swirl : 637
Fischl charged attack after Swirl : 814
Proc Hydro Swirl, and then Electro Swirl. Check if both Hydro resist debuff AND Electro resist debuff exist simultaneously.
Theory was confirmed. See video for evidence.
Conclusion: This means that Anemo supports that can proc multiple Swirl infused with different elements rapidly can have multiple elements resist debuffs applied at the same time. Venti Burst OP
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer can Proc Two Debuffs in One Swirl
Theory: Viridescent Venerer's 4-Piece set effect can not only trigger multiple times for different elements, allowing you to stack debuffs, but it can also trigger two debuffs in a single Anemo attack against Electro-Charged or Frozen targets.
In this video, Barbara's normals deal 34 damage when buffed by her C2 but not buffed by VV, and Beidou's Burst deals 960 damage. After Jean attacks the target with a single use of Gale Blade, Barbara's normals deal 44 damage and Beidou's Skill deals 1227 damage. Both Barbara's Hydro attacks and Beidou's Electro Burst were buffed by a single Anemo attack.
In this video, Jean does 98 Cryo damage (infused by Chongyun) on her normals with the VV buff, and Barbara does 41 damage with her normals with both VV and Xingqiu's C2 buff. When a Frozen target is swirled, Jean does 98 damage and Barbara does 41 damage to the target, meaning that the target received both a Hydro resistance down and Cryo resistance down debuff from a single Anemo attack.
Significance: Improves rotations; Anemo characters don't need to be swapped in for each individual Elemental debuff.
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer Explained
I wanted to see how Viridescent Venerer would increase final Swirl damage. The important thing about 4-Piece bonus is that Swirl damage will increase both from +60% Swirl % and also from -40% Elemental resistance. Since it's damage depends on EM I made a graph for total increase as a function of EM (attached here).
The 4-Piece bonus increases a lot Swirl damage. Despite the low base damage of Swirl, this set will improve it in a way that sometimes it can be compared to 1 Electro-Charged hit (depending on char EM).
4-Piece VV triggering mechanics
Finding: 4 piece Viridescent Venerer (vv) only shreds if the wearer is onfield during a Swirl that they trigger.
Evidence: (Test 1)Anemo wearers that trigger the Swirl but whether the character is onfield or offield is variable : Tests showed that vv didnt shred when the character is offield when their Q triggers a Swirl. It shredded when the character was onfield during a Swirl.
List of tests:
Normal 4-Piece vv proc: YouTube
Offield so 4-Piece vv doesnt proc: YouTube
Onfield so 4-Piece vv procs: YouTube
Offield DURING a Swirl so 4-Piece vv doesnt proc: YouTube
Normal 4-Piece vv proc: YouTube
Offield so 4-Piece vv doesnt proc: YouTube
Onfield so 4-Piece vv procs: YouTube
Normal 4-Piece vv proc DMG : YouTube
Offield when Swirl happens so 4-Piece vv doesnt proc: YouTube
Onfield so 4-Piece vv procs: YouTube
Anemo and non-Anemo wearers that dont trigger the Swirl but is onfield during a Swirl:
Tests showed 4-Piece vv not shredding at all.
List of tests:
Stat page for testing if non-Anemo characters that have 4-Piece vv and are onfield during a Swirl can shred: YouTube
Non-Anemo characters that have 4-Piece vv and are onfield during a Swirl they dont trigger CANNOT shred: YouTube
Stat page for testing if Anemo characters that have 4-Piece vv and are onfield during a Swirl can shred: YouTube
Anemo characters that have 4-Piece vv and are onfield during a Swirl they dont trigger CANNOT shred: YouTube
Non-Anemo wearers that are onfield and trigger the Swirl:
Tests showed that they can shred with 4-Piece vv as long as they trigger the Swirl with any Element which is not Geo/Anemo (which is only possible against enemies with an innate Anemo aura like the Anemo Hypostasis)
List of tests:
Stat page for "Pyro as trigger Element for Swirl with 4-Piece vv, WILL IT SHRED": YouTube
With Pyro as Trigger for Swirl, 4-Piece vv procs the shred (vs Anemo hypo): YouTube
Conclusion: 4-Piece vv wearers can only shred if they fulfil the 2 requirements of being the trigger of the Swirl and being onfield during the Swirl. Other elements like Pyro/Cryo can also shred with 4-Piece vv with the same 2 requirements.
Significance: Rotations to include 4-Piece vv users is more strict and 4-Piece vv can shred those with an innate Anemo aura with other elements as the trigger.
VV Duration Extended by Hitlag
The 4-Piece set effect's duration can be extended by hitlag.
Video: Chongyun extending VV duration via hitlag
Imgur: Jean applies VV at ~1565, chongyun's VV-ed attacks deal N1 = 148, N2 = 134, N3 =170, until frame 2315 where the N3 deals 143 damage as the VV shred wears off, resulting in ~12 seconds of VV shred, 2 seconds of hitlag past the intended 10s duration.
VV use optimization.
VV RES Shred Applies after Talent Damage
VV RES Shred Applies after Talent Damage
Recommended reading: Simultaneous Reaction Priority
3vv on Anemo Hypostasis
4vv on Anemo Hypostasis
First vid shows Barbara's normals without RES Shred.
Second vid shows that RES Shred happens for the second attack. (The slight increase in N1 was from a slight increase in ATK.)
4vv on raining Anemo Hypostasis
With VV shred
Without VV shred
N1 vaped. Did not get VV shred.
CA vaped. Did get VV shred.
Kazuha absorbed Q with 4vv
First two absorbed hits don't get VV shred. Third does.
Sucrose absorbed Q with 4vv
First hit doesn't get VV shred. Second hit does.
For the first two examples with Barbara and Hu Tao, we see talent damage, both non-reacting and amp-reactions are calculated before VV debuff, thus before reaction damage.
For Kazuha, this is more or less expected since we know his talent damage is simultaneous.
For Sucrose, all this tells us there is some other stuff about, since we still don't know if her talent damage is sequential or simultaneous.
4-Piece VV AoE Application Ping Dependency
4VV has two mechanics of applying it's debuff. One is applied on reaction to the primary target, while the other is applied in AoE via the secondary Swirl hitting enemies.
The primary target mechanism is not affected by ping as it happens on the client.
The secondary (AoE) mechanism is affected by ping as it requires attack hits to be registered by the server.
Primary Target - Where the Swirl originated from.
Secondary Targets - Targets that are damaged in an AoE that weren't the single-target Swirl.
The map is when my internet was disconnected/reconnected.
The secondary enemy is dealt the same damage twice. If the AoE debuff applied regardless of ping, the second instance should deal more damage than the first, equivalent to the damage on the primary target.
In high ping circumstances, the debuff may apply late to enemies in an AoE and be a loss of damage if there were more attacks that occurred in that period of time.
Note: While I say attack and hit, I don't specifically mean damage. Hydro Swirls still apply VV in AoE.
HP drain does not proc 4 piece effect of Vourukasha's Glow
HP drain does not proc 4 piece effect of Vourukasha's Glow
4 VG DMG Boost Effect doesnt work on characters like Xiao, Hu Tao and Kuki Shinobu
4 piece effect of Vourukasha's Glowdoes not activate if shielded
4VG does not activate if the damage is blocked by a shield. Also, it's bonus is not snapshottable.
don't use shields with 4VG unless breakable shields like Baizhu's or Crystallize or other ~~HP drain~~ mechanics.
Breakpoints for 2 WT Set Bonus vs +40% Reaction Damage From 4TF/CW Set Bonus
For transformative reactions, +80 EM is better than the reaction damage bonus from 4TF/CW at <=490 EM (before set bonus), while +160 EM is better than the reaction damage bonus from 4TF/CW at <=1498 EM (before set bonus).
4TF/CW provides a flat, additive bonus to the total % increase in the formula.
The bonus provided 80/160 EM follows a hyperbolic decay as total EM increases.
At 0 <= EM without set bonus <= 490 EM, 80 additional EM provides >=40% increase to the damage of a transformative reaction.
At 0 <= EM without set bonus <= 1498 EM, 160 additional EM provides >=40% increase to the damage of a transformative reaction.
Desmos sheet for visualization/calculations: Desmos Link
For characters building around triggering transformative reactions, if they do not utilize any other parts of the 4-Piece set bonus provided by 4CW (vape/melt boost, Pyro% increase) or 4TF (cool down reduction, elec% increase), then 2-Piece Instructor and/or 2-Piece WT may provide a larger boost to damage than the former two.
Breakpoints for 2WT2Ins Set Bonus vs. 4VV Set Bonus
4VV Swirl damage set bonus is more valuable than 104 EM at 304 initial EM from artifact main stats, artifact subs, weapon secondary stats and passives, and ascension; 160EM at 842 initial EM; and 200EM at 1168 initial EM; when only Swirl damage is taken into account.
These numbers were chosen to represent the value of 2WT2Ins, 4Ins with 4-Piece bonus active, and 4Ins with 4-Piece bonus active but set bonus discounted by 96EM to account for the loss of EM from downgrading two 5-Star main stat artifacts to 4-Star artifacts.
Desmos chart for calculations: Desmos Link
Charts by: Imgur
Below 842 EM, 2WT2Ins will provide more value for Swirl damage than 4VV before accounting for resistance
Artifact Substats Distribution
TLDR; No, they seem to be skewed towards DEF in particular
Substats on artifacts are unevenly distributed
Collected data on 157 artifacts, Flower and Feather only to be able to account for mainstat (mainstats can't appear as substat). Manually adjusted results for flat HP and ATK based on representation among the artifacts.
n is of sufficient size. When foddering artifacts, they might not be chosen at random but may for some reason use DEF substats last. Ideally this would be further tested with a droprate table to be able to disregard the distortions from upgrading artifacts.
Complete Dataset here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dLtUClmkfXLMaAylHhbB8LzZZXvxoRP1MdFzt-8A/edit?usp=sharing
Substats are distributed evenly except for flat DEFfor some reason, which is significantly overrepresented.
Uneven Substats Distribution
Theory: Substats for artifacts are unevenly distributed, with flat substats weighted higher than other substats, and CRIT substats weighted lower than other substats.
Evidence: TL;DR - We have the datamined substat probabilities from this link: Link lost to the sands of time
Image summarizing this data is here: Imgur
The datamined figures are not exactly consistent with what we would expect from the actual data, but it is fairly close, and we might see better agreement with more data. See this picture for the guesses that most closely aligns with the data. Flat substats definitely have a higher probability of being included than non-flat substats (by maybe ~1.7x), and CRIT is likely to be weighted lower.
I'm mostly submitting this since the entry in the current TCL (under the Artifact Substat Distribution header) uses a small sample size and the conclusions reached there are likely incorrect now that we have more/better data.
Data: I pulled artifact data from /u/Acheron-X's table. The tables and charts in there shouldn't be used directly because it pools artifacts with different #s of substats together, which leads to a slightly biased picture because you can't have repeating substats and they can't be the same as the main stat, so in artifacts with 3 substats for example, the "missing" fourth slot in the data is determined by which other substats (and main stat) have already shown up in that artifact.
Methodology: Google Sheets
I pulled out data for 4 substat and 3 substat artifacts to analyze separately since those are the least biased, then ran a simulation after plugging in some guesses for the main stat and substat probabilities, and compared those simulated figures to the actual distributions. I settled on a rough proportion after getting something that seemed close enough to the sample.
More data would be needed to reach stronger conclusions. As of right now, there's only enough data to get a sense of the right substat probabilities, but the ones assumed below are highly subject to change.
Significance: The artifact grind is real and artifacts with good substats are rarer than you'd naively expect since you'll see ones with flat substats much more often.
Artifact Effects on Cast Interruption
You can gain artifact stacks or trigger artifact set effects that occur on Elemental Skill cast, even while getting interrupted during the cast.
Heart of Depth, Shimenawa's Reminiscence, and Crimson Witch of Flames were tested.
Kokomi with 4-Piece HoD/SR/CW
4p CW set + Guoba
Getting interrupted while casting Guoba still increases Pyro DMG%. Casting it for without getting interrupted later causes another stack of CW.
4p CW + Hu Tao
4p CW + Yoimiya
4p CW + Fischl
Not as useful for Fischl since repositioning Oz also counts for stacks
It is possible during combat to gain multiple Crimson Witch stacks on characters that usually can't get more than 1 stack.
This is an update to this entry to show that this is not unique to Kokomi.
Note: All findings are summarized. You can find detailed entries & credits to each finder in the evidence vault linked at the end of the page.
5 Star Artifact Sets
The 4-Piece set bonus requires you to pick up the shard with the set holder.
Shards generated by Geovishap Hatchings don't activate the the 4-Piece set bonus.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
The 4-Piece set bonus does not snapshot. The CRIT Rate increase is Dynamic, and changes your CRIT Rate in real time.
The 4-Piece set bonus does not apply on the hit that applies Frozen.
Enemies with the Frozen aura do not count as being Frozen for the 4-Piece set bonus. They need to be literally Frozen. Otherwise, it will be treated as just a Cryo aura, and you get only 20% CRIT Rate.
Blizzard Strayer gives CRIT Rate buff to reactions that would remove the Cryo/Frozen from the enemy.
The 4-Piece set bonus does not apply if a Co-op teammate, or an off-field character takes the kill.
The 4-Piece set bonus is not lost when character is swapped out.
The 4-Piece set bonus is not granted if the set holder gets a kill while off-field.
You still require the minimum amount of stamina to perform a Charged Attack, your stamina just won't be reduced on execution.
Stamina regen will continue even while performing Charged Attacks provided the buff is active allowing you to save stamina for dashing.
The 4-Piece set bonus can be refreshed.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
Crimson Witch of Flames
Bonus Reaction damage is still applied even if the set holder is off-field. However, the set holder does need to trigger the Reaction.
Gaining a stack refreshes the duration of previous stacks.
Stacks are maintained after swapping characters.
A stack is still gained even if the player is interrupted during Elemental Skill cast.
Ending a continuous Hold Skill (Sayu or Yelan hE as examples) by tapping E is considered "Using an Elemental Skill" for the sake of the 4-Piece set bonus. Letting the Skill end naturally does not.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.
Desert Pavilion Chronicle
Echoes of an Offering
The Flat DMG is not limited to single-target (works in AoE).
It uses total ATK (as expected) including buffs from Bennett, 4-Piece Noblesse, and ATK from weapon passives.
Hit registration occurs before evidence of it in the animation.
The effect can be shared with subsequent attacks as long as they fit in the 0.05 second interval.
Echoes will stack even when holder's Normal Attacks deal 0 damage.
The 4-Piece effect triggers around 50.2% of the time in theory assuming the set works exactly as written.
Trigger rate appears to fall off a little bit after 100-110 ping.
Further data that could point to the set working as intended but be subject to ping/possibly low FPS/character multi-hits quick enough to take advantage of the lag between server and client (like Zhongli, or indicates that his spearkick is simply working differently compared to other multi-hits).
It can trigger the buff off-field, but does not gain stacks off-field.
Ayato's second slash and first C6 strike seem to be linked. If the second slash is buffed by Echoes, the first C6 strike is also buffed. In turn, if the second slash is not buffed, the first strike will not be buffed either.
Kazuha's 2-hit N3 is "not linked" but his 3-hit N5 is "linked". For more information see this Vault Entry.
The set works weirdly with Tartaglia, for more information see this Vault Entry.
How Tartaglia's N1 and N2 hits trigger Echoes differs depending on the tester. For more information see this Vault Entry.
How Yoimiya's N1 hits trigger Echoes differs depending on range.
How Zhongli's spearkick hits trigger Echoes differs depending on the tester. For more information see this Vault Entry.
Zhongli's spearkick combos can fail to proc Echoes after 7, 8, or even 9 hits.
For more testing results with Zhongli, see the following Vault Entries:
Emblem of Severed Fate
The base 100% ER and character ascension ER is counted towards the bonus.
See this Vault Entry for a list of buffs that affect the damage bonus.
Flower of Paradise Lost
Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy
The artifact set triggers on the creation of new BOL and not just increase of existing BOL
The 4pc effect is a snapshottable damage bonus
Gilded Dreams' 4-Piece effect does not apply to the hit that triggered it or the reactions triggered by that hit. - Rare
Heart of Depth
The effect will still trigger even if the player is interrupted during Elemental Skill cast.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
Husk of Opulent Dreams
The stacking mechanics are exactly as described, meaning stacks can be lost on-field and off-field, following the 6s timer.
Stacks from the 4-Piece set bonus are gained when hitting an opponent with a Geo attack even when no damage is dealt (vs. Shielded or Immune targets).
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
The 4-Piece set holder does not have to be on-field to receive the 35% damage bonus.
4-Piece set bonus is applied to Prototype Amber's healing effect.
The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.
4-Piece Maiden's Beloved's effect does not stack on multiple uses, and instead refreshes the duration.
The 4pc bonus does not trigger on max HP changes
The 4pc bonus does not stack off field, and stacks are not cleared when going off field
The 4pc bonus can gain multple stacks simultaneously
Different stacks of the 4pc bonus share duration and getting a new stack refreshes previous stacks
Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
There are inconsistencies in whether a character wielding 4NO can receive the 4-pc set bonus on their Elemental Burst or not. Check the Evidence Vault for more details.
The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.
The 4-Piece set bonus Bubble Damage is considered Physical Damage and can be boosted by Physical Resistance Reduction (eg: Superconduct).
The 4-Piece set bonus Bubble Damage is not a blunt hit and does not Shatter Frozen enemies.
The 4-Piece set bonus Bubble Damage is independent of enemy defense.
All healing from the 4-Piece set holder gets calculated for the Bubble Damage including overflow heals.
The 4-Piece set bonus counts initial heal as part of the Sea-Dyed Foam bubble damage.
Revives such as Barbara C6 and Qiqi C6 count for Sea-Dyed Foam bubble healing.
Heals (and overheals) from Black Sword will activate Ocean-Hued Clam.
A more extensive list of what dose and does not activate Ocean-Hued Clam can be found here.
The 4-Piece set bonus has a 1 bubble limit on field for single-player mode, shared by all 4-Piece set holders.
The 3.5s bubble formation ICD is not shared by all 4-Piece set holders.
The 4-Piece set bonus only counts healing from the 4-Piece set holder. This is also the case with multiple Ocean Hued sets on the same team.
The AoE range of the 4-Piece set bonus Sea-Dyed Foam bubble is 5.5m radius and it can hit multiple target at once.
Bennett's Elemental Burst does not proc the 4-Piece set bonus after the on-field character HP reaches 70%.
The Sea-Dyed Foam bubble generated by the set bonus will disappear instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party. No Bubble Damage if the bubble ends this way.
4-Piece set bonus can be maintained indefinitely as long as the character's cooldown and cast time are less than 7 seconds.
4-Piece set bonus persists after swap.
4-Piece set bonus does not buff the hit that triggers it. The timing for when this buff begins is ping dependent, with higher ping resulting in a longer delay before the buff is applied.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
The 4-Piece set has to be equipped to the character you want to buff, in most cases, your DPS character, not the character casting the shield.
The 2-Piece shield strength effect only applies to the character equipping the artifact set, not the character creating the shield.
The effect cannot be refreshed.
Energy will not be drained by using Elemental Skill while the effect is active.
The Energy drain effect has a 7-frame delay from when Elemental Skill is cast to when you actually lose Energy.
The effect, including the Energy drain, will still trigger even if the player is interrupted during Elemental Skill cast.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
Song of Days Past
The 4-Piece effect of Song of Days Past can record healing while the buff is active.
Tenacity of the Millelith
The 4-Piece effect of Tenacity of the Millelith activates with Elemental Skills hitting shielded enemies and dealing no damage.
The 4-Piece effect does not stack but its duration can be reset if there are multiple 4ToM wielders.
The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.
Damage boosts regarding reactions are additive with the multiplier from Elemental Mastery.
40% additional damage to Electro-related reactions is only applied if the set holder triggers the reaction. However, the set holder doesn't have to be active on-field.
The 4-Piece set holder has to be active on-field to benefit from the cooldown reduction effect.
Regarding how Electro-Charged works with 4TF, If the 4-Piece set bonus is not on cooldown (0.8s), then the set bonus is not hampered by Electro-Chargeds 1 second ICD. As long as you can keep constant Hydro aura on the enemy you can switch between different Elemental sources (E1, E2, Electro-imbued autoattacks, and Q) to obtain E CDR.
4-Piece set effect of cooldown reduction can be triggered by non-damaging Elemental applications.
The 4-Piece set holder does not have to be on-field to receive the 35% damage bonus.
The DMG Bonus from 4pc Unfinished Reverie can snapshot.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
Swirling an enemy will apply the RES Shred immediately, debuffing the enemy and increasing the damage of the Swirl on that enemy.
AoE Swirls will only apply the RES Shred from the Swirl's damage.
This means that the first Swirl's damage is not increased in AoE situations.
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer can debuff multiple Elements at a time. (Their durations are independent.)
The RES Shred will be for all Elements Swirled if multiple Elements are Swirled at the same time.
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer only shreds if the wearer is on-field during a Swirl that they trigger.
The 4-Piece set effect's duration can be extended by hitlag.
Single-target 4-Piece Viridescent Venerers RES Shred applies instantly and is unaffected by ping. AoE RES Shred applies on damage, which is ping-dependent.
The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.
HP drain does not proc 4 piece effect of Vourukasha's Glow.
The 4 piece effect does not activate if the damage is blocked by a shield.
The bonus from the 4 piece effect is not snapshottable.
4 Star Artifact Sets
The 15s CD of the 4-Piece set bonus will start upon any DMG output from an Elemental Skill, even if the Elemental Skill is not on cooldown.
The 4-Piece set bonus requires its user to be on the field when the Elemental Reaction is triggered.
The 4-Piece set bonus doesn't apply to the 1st hit/reaction that triggers it.
Triggering another reaction during 4-Piece set buff extends its duration.
The 4-Piece set bonus will not be activated by reactions on non-enemy entities (environmental objects, self-infused, etc.)
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
The 4-Piece effect does apply to the second hit of a simultaneous attack, if the first hit triggered a reaction.
Prayers for Destiny
The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with Elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.
Prayers for Illumination
The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with Elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.
Prayers to Springtime
The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with Elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.
Prayers for Wisdom
The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with Elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.
Resolution of Sojourner
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
Energy regeneration doesn't start immediately, but after 2s, and ticks every 2s for 3 times.
While the 2nd and 3rd Energy regeneration ticks occur with intervals of 2.02s 0.03s, the first tick occurs 0.08s (5 frames) slower (statistically significant) at 2.09s 0.06s for unknown reasons.
These timings aren't affected by different characters' different Burst animations times.
The Energy regeneration ticks are subject to hitlag.
Characters that have longer Energy consumption frames may not receive the first Energy regeneration tick.
Rotations can affect the number of received Energy regeneration ticks.
The 4-Piece set bonus does not apply to damage dealt to shields.
The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
3 Star Artifact Sets
The list of actions that can trigger the 4 Piece set effect can be seen in this Vault Entry
For transformative reactions, +80 EM is better than the reaction damage bonus from 4TF/CW at <=490 EM (before set bonus), while +160 EM is better than the reaction damage bonus from 4TF/CW at <=1498 EM (before set bonus).
Below 842 EM, 2WT+2Ins set bonus brings more value than 4VV for Swirl damage before accounting for resistance.
An enormous dragon as ancient as the mountains themselves.
In an age that has all but faded from memory, he stood shoulder to shoulder with one who ruled over a harbor of stone. But in the end, the two came into conflict, and the dragon was banished to a dark place deep underground. Over the long years of his imprisonment, his power has slowly dissipated. He has also become disfigured from the various kinds of erosion he has been subjected to. The faint rattling of this dragon lord's shackles and his deep, angry growl echo through the bowels of the mountains like memories of a bygone era.
Azhdaha's Moonlit Tree phase (submerging underground while leaving his tail on the surface) has two independent hitboxes that can be exploited with a large AoE attack (essentially double the DMG dealt)
The two elements Azhdaha infuses himself with can be seen on the entrance to his domain.
These two elements are the same across all regions.
Gains +60% Resistance to the first Element he infuses with. This is kept after infusing with a second Element.
Gains +50% Resistance to the second Element he infuses with.
Azhdaha has 3 phases, an initial Geo one, and 2 where he infuses with a random Element that is chosen at the start of every week and displayed on his domain door.
His attacks will gain special effects depending on the infused Element.
Slams his head and unleashes ground explosions that move in a straight line.
Pyro: Damage type converted to Pyro, fires several fireballs into the air that will hit the ground randomly and leave a burning mark, which continuously damages players in its AoE. (Phase 2)
Hydro: Damage type converted to Hydro, leaves a moderately-sized Hydro mark on the ground which explodes shortly after. (Phase 2)
Slams his body sideways, dealing damage in a large AoE that extends towards the attack's direction.
This attack cannot be avoided using dash i-frames.
Electro: Damage type converted to Electro. (Phase 3)
Cryo: Damage type converted to Cryo. (Phase 3)
Slams his foreleg once and emits three consecutive shockwaves.
Each one pushes the player away.
Hydro: Damage type converted to Hydro, launches projectiles in multiple direction from Azhdaha's location. (Phase 2)
Pyro: Damage type converted to Pyro, fires several fireballs into the air that will hit the ground randomly and leave a burning circle, which continuously damages players in its AoE. (Phase 2)
Jumps, then greatly impacts the earth and leaves cracked earth that will explode twice around him in a large AoE. The second explosion has a larger AoE than the first. This ability will produce several effect based on the current infused Element.
Hydro: Damage type converted to Hydro, and launches water streams in multiple directions from Azhdaha's location.
Pyro: Damage type converted to Pyro and leave several fireballs midair, that will hit the ground randomly and leave a burning circle, which continuously damages players in its AoE.
Slams his tail once if target is behind him.
Electro: Damage type converted to Cryo. Slower than the normal Tail Slam, but causes two Electro explosions around the impact area. (Phase 3)
Cryo: Damage type converted to Cryo. Slower than the normal Tail Slam, but summons several Ice Spikes around the impact area that will explode twice. (Phase 3)
Performs a quick sweep attack. This attack cannot be avoided using dash i-frames.
Electro: Damage type converted to Electro. Leaves multiple Electro orbs that deal damage upon contact with the player. (Phase 3)
Cryo: Damage type converted to Cryo. Leaves 3 Cryo orbs that will explode after a short while. (Phase 3)
Rushes forward, goring enemy units on with his tusks and tossing them into the air. This attack cannot be avoided using dash i-frames.
Electro: Damage type converted to Electro. (Phase 3)
Cryo: Damage type converted to Cryo. (Phase 3)
Submerges underground and digs around the arena. This action will trigger a massive earthquake and many rocks will rains to the arena for a while.
Azhdaha deals damage every time he resurfaces.
Spawns a barrage of Elemental-infused stones to the target. The stones will explode shortly upon impact. This ability will produce additional effects based on the current infused Element. (Phase 3)
Electro: Explodes on impact while releasing small thunderstrokes that expand outwards from the initial AoE, dealing Electro DMG. (Phase 3)
Cryo: Explodes on impact and leaves raining ice shards upon impact, dealing Cryo DoT to characters in the affected area for a period of time. (Phase 3)
Phase 2: Single Elemental Infusion
Upon reaching ~67% HP, Azhdaha infuses an Element (Hydro or Pyro), gaining an additional 60% Elemental Resistance to this infused Element, resulting in a total of 70% Elemental Resistance to this Element.
Azhdaha can still use any ability from Phase 1. These Phase 1 abilities will be infused with the current infused Element.
Slams his legs unto earth, unleashing continuous shockwaves around himself 5 times and ending with one final huge shockwave.
This ability will produce several effects, based off the current infused Element, and can potentially stun-lock the player.
Azhdaha only uses Tremors during a phase transition (when he gains an Elemental infusion) and in the final Phase 3.
This attack cannot be avoided using dash i-frames.
Hydro: Damage type will be converted into Hydro. AoE is increased. Six lines of water streams splinting evenly on each sides will follow instantly after the final huge shockwave.
Pyro: Damage type will be converted into Pyro. AoE is increased. Leaves several fireballs in the air, that will hit the ground randomly upon impact shortly after the final huge shockwave and leave burning circles on the ground, damaging players who step on it.
Roars and initiates a large AoE attack of the infused Element.
Hydro: Summons several moving large Hydro orbs, that will slowly rotate around the arena and deal damage per second upon impact.
Pyro: Summons several meteors that fall from the sky. The meteors leave a large pool of lava upon impact, that lasts for a period of time and deals continuous Pyro DoT to characters in the affected area.
Phase 3: Dual Elemental Infusion
Upon reaching ~33% HP, Azhdaha will infuse himself with another Element (Electro or Cryo), therefore gaining a dual Elemental Infusion. Azhdaha will gain an additional 50% Elemental Resistance to this second infused Element, resulting in a total of 60% Elemental Resistance to this second Element.
Azhdaha can still use any ability from Phases 1 and 2. These Phase 1 or 2 abilities will be infused with the corresponding elements.
Depending on infused Element:
Forms several Thunder Spheres and launches them towards the target, dealing Electro Damage.
Forms a Cryo Sphere in the air, that will then periodically summon several crystal lance 5 times, homing towards the target.
Submerges underground while leaving his tail on the surface.
Azhdaha cannot be killed in this state, but can still be damaged.
If Azhdaha's HP reaches 0 in during this attack, one extra hit will be required to kill him once he reappears above ground.
Electro: The tail will periodically zap parts of the arena in a cone AoE, that changes after every occurrence of this attack. Targeted areas are indicated with a purple AoE.
Cryo: The tail will unleash a massive hailstorm around it. The fallen ice chunks will explode upon impact, followed by circular Ice Spikes that will pulse thrice in the affected area.
Frame data - YouTube , Google Docs - @kolibri..
Baizhu Skill generates 3-4 particles on impact and has no ICD (C1/Sacrificial), trials suggest 1:1 split - YouTube - @soulfish
Gauges and ICD -
Baizhu Skill applies 1GU Dendro, ICD appears to be 2s - YouTube - @soulfish
Baizhu Burst applies 1GU Dendro with no apparent ICD - YouTube - @soulfish
Baizhu Skill mechanics - YouTube - @soulfish
1 - His Skill does 1 twirl, then returns to him if it finds no target.
2 - If his Skill finds a target, the 2nd and 3rd hits may not cause an enemy to become aggro'd.
3 + 4 - Skill can target the same enemy more than once but always prioritizes a new enemy if it can.
Baizhu Skill range is approximately 8 abyss tiles, with the homing range being half that for ~12 total before it fails to find a target (loses 1 hit if initial part does not connect) - @soulfish
1 - Standalone travel
2 - pillar marked at 12 tiles
3 - pillar marked at 13 tiles
C2: Incisive Discernment
Most interactions from the on field character to enemies will trigger Baizhu's C2, whether they do damage or not. There is no condition required (e.g., burst is active). The only exception found was Zhongli's shield shred. - YouTube - @maxi
Baizhu Constellation Mechanics
Baizhu C2 has no observable ICD
Baizhu C2 applies 1U Dendro
Baizhu skill has no particle ICD even with C1 and Sacrificial Fragments
YouTube , YouTube , YouTube
More information about Baizhu and his Constellations.
The owner of Bubu Pharmacy, who is rarely seen without the white snake named Changsheng. His medicinal knowledge is encyclopedic, and his personal intrigues subtle.
Baizhu Mains Discord
Full Baizhu Written Guide-->
Baizhu Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
His Skill does 1 twirl, then returns to him if it finds no target.
If his Skill finds a target, the 2nd and 3rd hits may not cause an enemy to become aggro'd.
Skill can target the same enemy more than once but always prioritizes a new enemy if it can.
Skill range is approximately 8 abyss tiles, with the homing range being half that for ~12 total before it fails to find a target.
Baizhu skill has no particle generation ICD even with C1 and Sacrificial Fragments.
Hits from the on field character to enemies will trigger Baizhu's C2, whether they do damage or not. There is no condition required (e.g., burst is active).
Baizhu C2 has no ICD and applies 1U Dendro.
Full Talent Values
Passive applies to all incoming damage
Passive works, even if wielder is off-field and
Passive applies for amplifying reactions, but not transformative reactions
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Barbara E Animation Cancel
Reducing Barbara E animation for optimizing the "first heal"
Just Switch: YouTube
Just Switch and Beyond: YouTube
A mechanic which is super useful to abuse the switch character cooldowns while using character's E between delays. So far I found only Barbara being able to do it consistently
Steps to Reproduce
Switch to Barbara
Press the button to swap to another character and immediately spam E
Barbara E Cancel Can Proc 4-Piece Set Bonuses
Barbara has a small time window during her initial Elemental Skill cast that allows her to dash and cancel the Elemental Skill, while avoiding the cooldown and triggering 4-Piece set bonuses from artifacts.
4-Piece Shimenawa's Reminiscence:
Unbuffed: 93 DMG
Buffed: 140 DMG
4-Piece Heart of Depth:
Unbuffed: 98 DMG
Buffed: 109 DMG
Potential improvement for Main DPS Barbara as you can now avoid her long Elemental Skill cooldown.
This was found in v. 3.0 and HoYoverse said that v. 3.1 "Fixes an issue whereby the Dendro Cores created by Bloom reactions can cause the effects of certain characters' Skills to be triggered abnormally", but it still works (for now). [Official Post(https://www.hoyolab.com/article/9396655)]
Barbara's water ring triggers on entities.
Barbara Skill ring is spawning ridiculous numbers of blooms due to an interaction around the classification of Dendro Cores as entities and her ring triggering damage on entering her AoE. This causes her ring to pulsate Hydro every time a Dendro Core enters, meaning that enemies nearby continuously are attempted to have Hydro applied to them, and in 3+ enemy scenarios, this causes the 3-hit condition for ICD to be met near instantaneously, applying Hydro again, making more seeds and creating an infinite loop for as long as there is a Dendro aura.
Barbara Skill can lead to extremely high Bloom counts very easily reaching the cap.
Barbara E Ring Applies Hydro Cleanse To Co-Op Members In Contact Too
When Barbara E ring cleanses your own character, it cleanses Co-Op members in contact with it too (initial cast included).
You can see wet status applied to me (Barbara) and Co-Op members that the Barbara E ring is in contact with, with the wet status in Mandarin text appearing above me and those in contact with it.
Found out that Barbara can cleanse Co-Op members too, and make other players wet.
C6: Dedicating Everything to You
C6 Revive Can Be Canceled by Switching
If a character dies at the same time the player switches characters, the death animation for the dead character will not activate, and neither will the revive from Barbara C6.
The death animation and revive activates for Qiqi, but not for Aloy.
Barbara C6 is potentially worse as a safety net against death since it can be canceled by switching, which is common in regular play.
Every citizen of Mondstadt adores Barbara. She learned the word "idol" from a magazine.
Barbara Mains Discord
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Cast time can be reduced by performing a swap cancel.
When dashing to animation cancel, it will not be casted but it will trigger artifact 4-Piece set bonuses as well as avoid the cooldown.
As of 3.1, Melody Loop can trigger on entities (including Dendro Cores), allowing Barbara to trigger Bloom more often than what would otherwise be possible.
When Melody Loop comes into contact with Co-Op members, it can cleanse them by applying the wet status to them as well (initial cast included).
This effect will not occur if the character's fallen animation is canceled by switching to another character. For more details, see: C6 Revive Can Be Canceled by Switching
Full Talent Values
Bathysmal Vishap Hatchlings
Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap Hatchlings are immature Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishaps. Bathysmal Vishap Hatchlings are not listed in the Archive.
All Bathysmal Vishaps have +10% RES to their own Element.
Bathysmal Vishaps, also known as the Dragonheirs of the Depths, are a race of Vishaps found in Enkanomiya. Due to their impure evolution, the Dragon of Water will no longer be reborn among their ranks and will instead be reborn as a human.
All Bathysmal Vishaps have +20% RES to their own Element
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Analysing Beidous Normal Attack Rotations Including Hitlag
You lose around 30% damage output without Lightning Storm active.
C0-C3 Beidous looking to maximize damage output will want to use 4-hit run cancels and full combo dash cancels.
C4-C6 Beidous can consider using 2-hit run cancel rotations when they want to prioritize Electro damage output.
Frame Analysis of Beidous Parry
Beidou perfect parry has 2 startup frames, 17 active frames +/- 1 frame
Input overlay to detect inputs, counting from 1 on the frame after the input is registered. Large slime's jump attack previously established to create an active hitbox on the frame that the "spark" effect appears as it hits the ground. All counts made between when the input overlay registers the input (frame 0) and the slime's first active hitbox frame. As always, results are fuzzy by +/- 1 frame due to discrepancies between game simulation and graphical rendering.
2 fail - Video
3 success - Video
19 success - Video
20 Fail - Video
Beidou's extremely strong potential Burst damage is evidently achievable by many players, as the timing window is only marginally tougher than dodging. Serious consideration should be given to "gitting gud" and making use of Beidou Burst DPS.
Beidou E Particle Mechanics
Theory/Findings: Beidou's Tidecaller Particle production mechanic actually has no RNG assigned to it at all. It produce at base 2 Particles, and every charge you gain on your tidecaller increases the Particles produced by 1, capping at 4 (2 charge). In addition, Perfect Parry automatically provides 2 charges for Particle production as well, in addition to damage, and if the Skill were held after a perfect parry, even if you don't get hit at all, it will still be executed at max charge.
Evidence/Testing: A series of 100 E casts of each following category was executed
Tapping E without getting hit at all (to simulate a no charge tidecaller)
Holding E for at least half a second (to make sure that it's not a perfect parry) before getting hit, then get hit only once before release the E right after (to simulate 1 charge)
Holding E for at least half a second (to make sure that it's not a perfect parry) before getting hit, then get hit at least twice before releasing the E after (to simulate 2/full charge)
Tap E on enemy's attack (to simulate perfect parry)
0 charge tidecaller will always produce 2 Electro Particles
1 charge tidecaller will always produce 3 Electro Particles
2 charge tidecaller and perfect parries will always produce 4 Electro Particles
This makes Beidou's Particle production way easier to count.
Beidou Counter Startup
Beidou's counter has 0/1 startup frames, depending on whether your input is registered immediately or with a 1 frame delay.
If we say that frame 0 of the Skill is Electro aura application and frame 1 is the Skill UI indicator, then the counter is active on frame 1.
What complicates things is input delay, which will add 1 extra frame to the startup depending on your luck.
Here's an album of counter fails with 1 frame parry attempts failing due to 1f input delay, and a couple at the bottom with 0 frame input delays and 0 frame parry attempts: Imgur
And here's an album of successful 1 frame parry attempts with 0f input delay, with a couple at the bottom showing 1f input delay with successful counters on frame 2: Imgur
The parry timing is a little easier than previously thought.
Beidous E Electro Self Application Gauge
Beidou applies 1U of Electro to herself for 2 seconds when she uses her Elemental Skill, Tidecaller. After that the Electro aura will decay.
The Electro aura clears Bennetts Pyro (1U) after a couple of frames and leaving Electro residue behind. Decay happened on Pyro, so it didnt remove the Electro.
Shows the contrary, where Electro is applied first and cleared with Pyro remaining.
Grass applies 2U Pyro, so the total aura duration after a 1U Electro consumption should be (2x0.8-1)x7.5=4.5s
in the video, the start till end of the Pyro aura lasted exactly 4 seconds 30 frames (60fps), proving that beidou self aura is indeed 1U.
Jean's Dandelion Field (1U) halves Beidou's self-application. We can see that the Electro aura persists for 1 second in total, so the total duration of Beidou's self application is 2 seconds.
knowledge about Beidous kit and Elemental Gauge decay rates of self-application.
Beidou Tap Skill has some of the Hold Effects
Finding: Beidou's tap skill has some of the hold effects, namely creating a shield and applying self electro aura
Aside from visual effect, unforged's passive gets the 2nd part when she uses tap skill, so it's a shield
Beidou counter can trigger on Dendro reaction self-damage
Finding: Blooms, Burgeons, and Hyperblooms triggered by the player can be countered by Beidou
Significance: TCL completion%
Beidou Lightning Proc ICD
Beidou's Q discharge cooldown is stated to be 1s or 60 frames. The counter for these 60 frames does not start on when Beidou's lightning discharge hits, but when the normal attack hits.
However, since the trigger for a discharge is on a normal attack damage instance and damage instances are determined server-side, the discharge CD can be randomly and inconsistently affected by ping spikes and is not consistently 60 frames.
The closer to 60 frames between each attack, the more likely ping inconsistencies will cause you to miss a Q discharge.
In this video, there are two cases analyzed.
First case: 00:30
NA proc - frame 0
Beidou Q - frame 4
NA proc - frame 62
no Beidou Q proc
There are 62 frames between the first and second NA. However, a second Beidou Q discharge does not proc.
Second case: 00:50
NA proc - frame 440
Beidou Q - frame 446
NA proc - frame 501
Beidou Q proc - 507
There are 61 frames between the first and second NA. In this case, two Beidou Q discharges proc within 61 frames of each other.
Ping variance can cause some inconsistencies with Beidou.
Beidou's Q and Mitachurl Shield Interactions
Lightning discharge during Beidou's Q can be procced on mitachurl shields, causing it to bounce between 2 or more enemies. However, this does not deal damage.
Hydro Catalyst Driver
Anemo Catalyst Driver
Provides a clear understanding of Beidou's Burst mechanics.
Beidou's Q snapshot timing
Beidou's Elemental Burst, Skill DMG and Lightning DMG, snapshot at different timings.
Test timings of Beidou's Burst inside Bennett ultimate, both intentionally waiting for the Bennett ATK Buff and casting Burst, and intentionally quick swapping to not snapshot the Bennett ATK Buff and casting Burst.
YouTube: Snapshot, Skill DMG 16921, Lightning DMG 13359
YouTube: No snapshot, Skill DMG 16444, Lightning DMG 8906
(The difference of the Skill DMG is due to losing 1 stack of Serpent Spine.)
In both clips, the Skill DMG snapshots Beidou's stats when it hits, when she has the Bennett ATK Buff. However in the no snapshot clip, as Beidou's Lightning DMG snapshots instantly on cast, and thus, the no snapshot clip has less Lightning DMG.
In the dire circumstance that you cast Beidou's Elemental Burst too fast to snapshot the Lightning DMG, you still salvage some damage as the Skill DMG snapshots later. It is still best to wait for the buffs to appear, to buff both Skill and Lighting DMG.
Burst Range Limit
Lightning discharge from Beidou's Burst can only be triggered within limited range, it starts from the character. It is not affected by travel time of the attack. The distance is counted when the attack hit enemy not when it is released. The owner of the attack has to be on field when the attack hit to trigger lightning discharge.
Better understanding of Beidou Burst.
Beidou Proc Counts
A collection of Beidou driver proc counts with various combos and rotations.
Optimization of gameplay with Beidou in various teams, more accurate team calcs for Beidou.
Beidou Arc Buffering
At high ping, Beidou can buffer a Normal Attack hit before activating Q to get an arc discharge.
I decided to do Kenki fights to figure out what felt like randomly occurring unusually high Stormbreaker damage at activation.
First isolated test, confirms that buffering N1 is possible, ping is high and couldn't get all DMG texts on screen. Timing is very easy and seems to be hit confirmable after hitlag.
Low ping test by. Achieved once after several attempts, not easy.
Mid ping test by. Timing can be learned and used consistently after some practice.
Extra arc discharge, especially for teams that don't use Bei as driver, which is most of them.
Can Riptide Burst Trigger Beidous Burst
Finding: Childe's Riptide Burst and Beidou's Burst interactions
Riptide Burst triggering Beidou's Burst while Childe is on-field: YouTube
Riptide Burst not triggering Beidou's Burst while childe is off-field: YouTube
Conclusion: Childe's Riptide Burst, being considered NA-type DMG, can trigger Beidou's Burst. However, Beidou's Burst can't be triggered by NA DMG from an off-field character.
C4: Stunning Revenge
Mistranslation of Beidous C4 Effect
Beidous C4 is mistranslated:
Current description, Within 10s of taking DMG, Beidou's Normal Attacks gain 20% additional Electro DMG.
Correct description, Within 10s of taking DMG, Beidou's Normal Attacks AND CHARGED ATTACKS gain 20% additional Electro DMG.
C4 is not anti-synergistic with all her charged ATK Bonuses, as one would assume from the description.
Beidou C4 Gauge
Beidou's C4 applies 1U of Electro.
Beidou C4 damage
Beidous C4 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Video - Damage is consistent with and without 4HoD bonus
Video and Video - Damage is consistent with and without 2gambler bonus
Video and Video - Damage is consistent with and without 2NO bonus
Damage calculations for Beidou.
Beidou C4 is on hit not damage
Beidou's C4 is actually on hit, not damage. It does activate when you get hit but don't take damage (if you are shielded).
YouTube: Here Beidou blocks rockets with her parry, C4 is activated.
YouTube: It applies not just to Beidou's shield but presumably all shields. In this instance it does work with Noelle's shield.
C4 pretty good
C6: Bane of Evil
Beidou C6 doesn't apply on initial cast
Finding: The initial cast of Beidou's Burst doesn't benefit from her C6.
Evidence: Testing done with c5 and c6 Beidou with identical stats on the same enemy.
C5 Beidou does 1411 damage on her Burst cast: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-uSoXBnq4g
C6 Beidou does 1411 damage on her Burst cast: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPVbT0n9wMg
Significance: Accurate damage calculations.
Beidou's C6 range is extremely short
Findings: Beidou's C6 range is extremely short, shredding the Electro RES of enemies within just over 1 abyss tile of range.
Evidence: The damage dealt without the C6 RES Shred is 272, and the damage dealt with RES Shred is 310.
Beidou C6 Shred by
Significance: Beidou's C6 is not as powerful as it seems.
Beidou C6 Lingers
The Electro RES Shred from Beidou C6 lingers for about 2 seconds.
Apart from the damage numbers, the debuff arrows persist on the Ruin Guard longer than the animation itself.
Lisa E damage with RES Shred: 256
Lisa E damage without RES Shred: 225
Lisa E damage with RES Shred: 247
Lisa E damage without RES Shred: 217
Better understanding of Beidou's C6.
Serpent Spine Interactions with Beidou
Everything you need to know about Serpent Spine and Beidou
Perfect parrying does NOT reduce your Serpent Stacks. Any shield damage will not count as "taking damage," but if your shield breaks from an attack it WILL count as taking damage.
Serpent stacks still boost damage when off-field
Stormbreaker is SNAPSHOTTED, meaning casting it will "lock" your stats. Losing or gaining any stacks will NOT change your current Burst damage.
Notice how I start and end the parry with 5 stacks.
3523 CRIT DMG on and off-field.
1766 non-CRIT at 3 stacks, 1766 non-CRIT at 5 stacks.
Good weapon. Works as well as you'd expect.
Beidou C4 interaction with Sara
Sara's Tengou Juurai: Ambush activates Beidou's C4 when it hits (buffs) Beidou.
Video: In this video you can see that Beidou's weapon is normal and after she gets hit by Tengou Juurai: Ambush her weapon starts sparking with Electro, indicating that C4 has been activated.
Neat interaction for Beidou
Does The Bells passive affect Beidous Elemental Skill DMG?
The passive on The Bell (4), influences Beidous damage on Tidecaller (E Counter).
Evidence: Twitch Clip lost to the sands of time
Damage with The Bell: 111
Damage with a weapon of same Base ATK: 98
(In addition, the total amount of shields does not increase the percentage of damage bonus from Bell's passive. This was tested through a similar method, using Diona, Crystalize, Noelle, and Beidou shield at the same time. The damage remained consistent)
The bell will provide its damage bonus with concurrent abilities such as Beidous Tidecaller.
Beidou's 'E' Skill shield triggers The Bell's passive for 12% increased DMG every time irrespective of cooldown
Sequence of Clips and DMG numbers:
Rainslasher E hold without hit - 886
The Bell E hold without hit - 993
Rainslasher E hold with one hit - 902
The Bell E hold with one hit - 1010
Rainslasher E hold with Electro aura - 1083
The Bell E hold with visible shield - 1010
You get 12% extra DMG on every E hold strike on The Bell compared to Rainslasher.
Rainslasher can however give 8% more DMG than The Bell if the enemy has a Hydro/Electro aura.
The passive cooldown of The Bell does not matter for Beidou and her E hold shield can directly benefit from it.
Beidou The Unforged Q snapshot interaction
Beidou's Q is snapshotted
Beidou c1 gives a shield
Unforged has an ATK% buff stacks that changes with a shield
Beidou's Q snapshot happens before gaining the bonus from Unforged's shield effect
Shield snapshot difference
Captain of her crew, The Crux. She's quite an unbound and forthright woman.
Beidou Mains Discord
Full Beidou Written Guide: Tales from the Sea
6 Minute Video Guide to Beidou
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
C0-C3 Beidou's should use N4 cancels or N5 dash cancels.
Beidou's normal attack string concludes with a kick to the sword with her foot. Whether her model makes contact with the claymore depends on the model size of the claymore. We can conclude that it is intended to be a kick to the claymore because a sound will play no matter what model size the claymore.
Tidecaller will produce minimum 2 Particles, if you get hit once while holding (one charge) it produces 3 Particles and if you get hit two times (two charges) or perform a perfect parry it will produce 4 Particles.
Beidou can perfect counter shots from the Inazuma Kamuijima Cannons.
The counter has 0/1 startup frames, depending on whether your input is registered immediately or with a 1 frame delay. Vault Entry
Tidecaller counter scaling information is tabulated in the table below.
Beidou applies 1U of Electro to herself for 2 seconds when she uses Tidecaller. After that the Electro aura will decay.
Beidou can counter damage from Bloom sub-reactions and Burn, even when the source is the player.
The shield and self-Electro application are also applied on Tap skills.
Beidou's lightning discharges have 3 damage instances with 2 targets or more.
Stormbreaker's additional arc lightning can jump back to the initial target.
The counter for the cooldown does not start on when Beidou's lightning discharge hits, but when the normal attack hits. Hence, the discharge CD can be randomly and inconsistently affected by ping spikes and is not consistently 1 second. - Vault Entry
Lightning discharge can bounce off Mitachurl Shields but will deal no damage.
Snapshot on cast.
However, if you swap to Beidou and cast her Burst too quick (Left Alt + Switch Character), her Lightning DMG might fail to snapshot certain buffs.
The lightning discharge's have a range limit, starting from the character attacking, that is calculated after the attack hits and is not affected by travel time.
The attacker must be on field when the attack hits to proc a lightning discharge.
An extensive collection of proc counts for Stormbreaker using different attack strings on different characters can be found here.
At high ping, Beidou can buffer a Normal Attack hit before activating Q to get a lightning discharge.
Beidou Q does not trigger on off-field NA damage.
Stunning Revenge DMG has standard ICD and shares ICD on Normal Attack, Charged Attack, and Stormbreaker's lightning discharges.
Use N2 cancels to maximize Electro DMG.
C4 can be activated by certain teammate's hit, e.g., Kujou Sara's Tengou Juurai.
C4 is activated on hit, regardless taking damage or not. So it can be activated through shields, either her own or allies'.
The range of this effect is extremely short at just over 1 abyss tile of range.
The initial cast of Beidou's Burst doesn't benefit from her C6.
The debuff lingers for about 2 seconds after the Burst ends.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Bennett Hold E Counts as Self Damage
Finding: Despite Bennett's level 2 e being damageless, when under the effects of xingqiu's sword shields, holding Skill for the full duration Bursts a sword.
Significance: Dont hold E for its full duration under Xingqiu's Rain Sword, or you'll lose a Rain Sword instance.
Inspiration Field Buff Duration
Theory: Bennett's Ult (ATK buff) refreshes every tick (estimate around 1 second). This means that the ATK buff may persist for awhile after swapping the character out, but will not stay throughout the duration.
Xingqiu's sword damage with no Bennett's Ult: 286 (no CRIT), 900 (CRIT)
Xingqiu's sword damage with Bennett's Ult: 500(no CRIT), 1576 (CRIT)
We can see in the video that after swapping Xingqiu out, the ATK buff remains for a short while and then expires, even though the active character remains in the AoE. Swapping back to Xingqiu gives him the buff again.
This means that the ATK buff does not persist throughout the duration of Bennett's Ult, but instead refreshes.
Although probably not too significant, you may want to use Bennett's Ult before Xingqiu's Ult, so that the first (or first two) wave of swords have the ATK buff from Bennett.
Bennett Q and C6 Buff Self Application
Finding: Bennett Q buff and C6 Pyro DMG Bonus applies on its own damage calculation
Bennetts Q Buff and C6 Pyro DMG Bonus should apply on its own damage calculation.
Using a damage calculator, we estimate the damage dealt by Bennett's Q if the Q buff and Pyro DMG bonus from C6 is applied. We see that the value estimated is within the permissible error margins of this test and proves that his buffs do apply.
Stats Page: Imgur
Talent Page: Imgur
Floor 7 Test: Imgur
For Bennett Main DPS, Bennett himself will buff his own Q.
Bennett Burst Coop Mechanics
Finding: Bennett's attack buff prioritizes the Burst that applied the attack buff first. This means that even when two Bennett Bursts overlap, the attack buff that was applied first will remain.
Significance: In the case of coop with multiple Bennetts, be sure to time your Bursts so that the Bennett that applies the highest attack buff places their field first.
Bennett Field Linger
Bennett's attack buff lingers for a bit after the visual of the circle fades away.
Clip 1: The Burst visual has disappeared, Xingqiu runs over and he still has Pyro status applied to himself. DMG is 32k
For reference, Clip 2 has Xingqiu in the same setting without Bennett buff, who deals 20k in this instance
Link to Full Video
Better understanding of Bennett Burst mechanics
Inspiration Field Tick Rate
Bennett's Q applies its effects on eligible units once EVERY second, and that second is perfectly aligned with the CD of the Burst such that it ticks on EXACTLY XX.0 for every second of the field duration.
In this example pause the video at 14.0 and 13.0 CD. Youll see that on these EXACT seconds, I got healed, and I also got the buffs indicated by arrows simultaneously with the first tick. Indicating the pattern.
Dodging Burst ticks
In this example I avoided standing in the circle for all XX.0 values. I received no Pyro aura or buffs/arrows whatsoever. ALL of Bennett Q benefits tick at the same time, and if you are never on the circle during the tick, you will never receive the benefits.
If you re-enter a buff field or swap to a new character immediately after this XX.0 has already passed, that character will be stranded with no buff until the next XX.0. So, when optimizing your rotations involving Bennett, you can only apply the benefits of a field buff in intervals of exactly one second. If you swap to a new character on XX.1 seconds remaining CD of the Burst, they will get the buff on the next tenth of a second, while if you swap to a new character when XX.9 seconds remains, they will be stranded without the buffs for almost a full second, potentially introducing some inconsistency/uninfused normal attacks. Rotations that rely heavily on field buffs should time their swaps out so that they receive the necessary buffs in a timely manner.
C4: Unexpected Odyssey
Bennett C4 Gauge
Finding: Bennet's C4 applies 1U of Pyro.
C6: Fire Ventures with Me
Gauge Units of C6 Infusion
If C6 is enabled, auto-attacks infused with Pyro have 1U worth of Pyro application.
1U (or 1 gauge unit) is the Keqing Mains theorycrafting standard for Elemental auras.
1U is about 9.5 seconds, and 2U is about 12 seconds. 4U auras exist, but only on Beidou.
Knowing this allows us to know which units to pair with C6 Bennett in order to reliably proc Vaporize or Melt.
We want to have an Elemental trigger that has more GUs than our Elemental aura, so the Pyro infused auto will always Vaporize/Melt.
Duration of C6 Infusion
C6 Bennett Pyro infusion time when you step out of it is roughly 2 seconds.
Stepping out of a C6 Bennett Fantastic Voyage field has a left over Pyro infusion effect of roughly 2 seconds. Meaning that even if you are outside of it, you have that window to chase after an enemy and still have your weapon infused.
C6 Bennett Pyro DMG bonus in coop
The 15% Pyro DMG bonus from Bennett C6 doesn't stack in coop when inside multiple Bennett fields.
Neptunya's coop dreams of 4 C6 Bennetts rolling through overworld have been Shattered as soon as they were born. Just like Turbo died on 4/20, so will the 420th PR for the TCL be a tragedy.
C6 Bennett Pyro Damage Bonus affects Catalyst and Bow-wielders
Bennett C6 Pyro DMG Bonus affects Catalyst and Bow-wielders
Both Amber and Lisa stat details display 15% Pyro DMG Bonus after entering the field of Passion Overload, and display 0% after exiting.
Bennett's 6th Constellation would appear to be a mistranslation, or otherwise not work as stated, and increases not only Sword, Claymore, and Polearm-wielding characters' Pyro DMG Bonus by 15%, but Catalyst and Bow-wielding characters' as well.
Knockback Protection Interaction
Theory: Active shields and Xingqius Orbital Swords prevent Bennett Charged E knockback.
Xingqius Swords: YouTube)
Active Shield: YouTube)
Prevent knockback and maximise DPS
Noblesse Oblige (2) Interaction
Theory: Can 2-Piece Noblesse Oblige Boost the Party ATK Buff from Bennett Q
2 Set Noblesse Oblige (+20% Elemental Burst DMG) does not affect the amount of ATK received from Bennett Burst. Please watch the 2 linked videos.
Video 1: No artifacts
Video 2: 2 NO
A good-natured adventurer from Mondstadt who's unfortunately extremely unlucky.
Bennett Mains Discord
Full Bennett Guide: Bennett's Adventure Log
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Enemies struck by Bennett's charged attack will be staggered or launched.
Max hold duration is 2 seconds, after which Bennett will use a Level 2 Passion Overload by default.
Having knockback resistance will prevent the explosion from knocking back Bennett after casting a Level 2 Passion Overload.
When casting a Level 2 Passion Overload it will destroy one of the Rain Swords from Xingqiu's Elemental Skill despite not dealing any damage.
Frame counts are done against Ruin Guards.
Bennett field does not apply the buffs instantaneously on swap. Inspiration Field applies the ATK Bonus and healing on the same tick every second. If you swap after the tick occurs, you will need to wait for the next tick to receive the ATK Bonus.
Additionally, Inspiration Field's buff lingers for a bit after the visual of the circle fades away.
Inspiration Field's ATK Bonus and C6: Fire Ventures With Me Pyro DMG Bonus will apply on its own damage calculation.
The bonus ATK from Inspiration Field ONLY scales with Bennett's Base ATK.
When in coop with multiple Bennetts, the bonus ATK prioritizes the Inspiration Field that applied the bonus first.
This means that even when two Bennett Bursts overlap, the attack buff that was applied first will remain.
This effect is tied to Bennett's Attack Bonus, not the field itself.
Pyro Infusion lasts 2 seconds upon leaving Inspiration Field.
The Pyro DMG bonus will apply to the Fantastic Voyage damage.
Pyro infused autos have 1U worth of Pyro application.
The buff does not stack in coop.
The description of Fire Ventures With Me has a mistranslation. The 15% Pyro DMG Bonus applies to every character within its area of effect, regardless of weapon type.
Full Talent Values
Passive persists even when holder is off-field
Passive doesn't activate if an off-field support or coop member kills
Muscular hilichurls who wield large two-handed axes..
Blazing Axe Mitachurl
Attacks with large strikes, and will use Pyro Slimes to infuse their axes with Pyro. They are very lethal. Usually, repeated quenching a weapon the way a Blazing Axe Mitachurl does will decrease the hardness of the metal and cause the axe-head's edge to chip more easily. But such is the strength of the mitachurls that even should the edge disappear altogether, they can still use their axes as hammers.
Slowly charges up a swing of its axe, followed up by a second slowly charged swing.
If the player can't be reached by other attacks, digs in the ground for a Pyro slime to throw at the player.
Spins with the axe wildly, dealing rapid damage.
Jumps up then slams the ground with its axe, dealing AoE DMG. When the axe is ignited, it will emit multiple fiery blasts around it.
Splendiferous Moon Abyss Blessing Mechanics
The Abyss Blessing from Nov 16 2021 to Nov 30 2021, Splendiferous Blessing, is an attack from your character that deals true damage based on enemy level and unaffected by ATK, DMG%, CRIT, char LVL, and resistance. This damage does not deal poise damage.
Raiden Skill works, Superconduct does not affect damage
Albedo Skill works
Qiqi healing works
Mona Omen doesn't affect damage, damage doesn't pop Omen bubble
WGS is triggered
Bell DMG% doesn't work
Damage scaling: Google Doc
Assuming other Abyss Blessing procs operate similarly, they will benefit weaker accounts more so than stronger accounts since they add damage unaffected by investment level. Players do not need to play around buffing their Abyss Blessing damage.
Abyss True DMG
On top of the properties listed in the above finding, True DMG from Blessings in Spiral Abyss have different base DMG depending on the blessing (i.e. the true DMG blessing from the previous phase may deal different damage from the current one). However, the damage all scale exactly according to the enemy/environment level multiplier listed in the TCL, using the level of the enemies in the current chamber.
This sheet shows a copy of data from the previous ticket, and compares it to the shockwave DMG from this abyss blessing at various levels, as well as showing their relationship to the enemy/environment level multiplier. The Nov 16, 2023 abyss uses a multiplier of 12 (c.o. fooshi), the Dec 1, 2023 abyss used a multiplier of 6 (c.o. clevernt, but not shown on sheet), and the previous recorded blessing used a multiplier of 5 and 8.33:
Blessing of the Abyssal Moon
Each Blessing of the Abyssal Moon changes every 1st and 16th days of the month.
After the challenge begins, when the active character's Elemental Energy is greater than or equal to 50%, they will continuously release shockwaves that deal DMG to opponents. When their Elemental Energy reaches 100%, these shockwaves will deal even greater DMG.
The DMG of this Blessing is based on enemy level and is unaffected by ATK, DMG%, CRIT, character level, and resistance.
True DMG from Blessings in Spiral Abyss have different base DMG depending on the blessing. However, the damage all scale exactly according to the enemy/environment level multiplier listed in the TCL, using the level of the enemies in the current chamber.
Bokuso Box Can CRIT
The Bokuso Box can CRIT and proc Favonius weapons.
More Energy during the event.
The bokuso box from the event Three Realms Gateway Offering can CRIT, making so that it can also proc Favonius weapons.
The Cleansing Form does not seem to have a vertical range limit.
Elegy for the End
Stacking is inconsistent depending on ping, FPS, and the specific character.
Hunter's Path passive benefits from percentage-based EM buffs.
Polar Star has no ICD for gaining independent stacks.
The First Great Magic
Gaining a stack of Cloudforged's passive refreshes both stacks.
End of the Line
Fading Twilight does not snapshot
Rust damage reduction is additive and is considered DMG% in calculations
Scion of the Blazing Sun
Scion of the Blazing Sun does AoE physical damage, and the effect is applied to all enemies hit.
Song of Stillness
Song of Stillness passive triggers on overheals.
The DMG% does not show up in the stats page but it can be snapshotted.
The Viridescent Hunt
HP restored is affected by Healing Bonus and Incoming Healing Bonus
There is a medium zone where neither buff nor debuff applies. The buff applies until roughly the same distance as it takes for Amos' Bow to move from 3 stack to 4 stack passive for charged shots.,
Seasoned Hunter's Bow
Range Cap for Arrows
There is a cap range for an arrow - damage just falls off after a certain range.
Sacrificial Bow Test: Streamable link lost to the sands of time
Genshin Impact Fandom
This page is for bugs, meaning they could get fixed by HoYoverse at any time. If you find that a bug has been patched out, but is still on this page, go to #website-feedback on the KQM Discord.
You can use your overworld team in the second half of abyss even if the same members are in the first half of the chamber by selecting retry at the same time as you kill the last enemy.
When using the retry button in abyss your Elemental Skill and Burst will not reset its cooldown so if you are too fast at starting the new encounter you will not be able to execute your opening moves properly.
Opening the exit menu in the Abyss does not pause the timer. This results in a bug wherein if you use the retry button in abyss as the last enemy in a chamber dies you will encounter an error message and receive 0 stars.
There are inconsistencies in whether a character wielding 4NO can receive the 4-pc Set Bonus on their Elemental Burst or not.
A domains door can be kept open by disconnecting internet while the door is being opened.
In a high-ping scenario, you can run to the Petrified Trees before the arena walls appear, leaving your Co-op teammates to complete it by themselves.
Bushes respawn infinitely when Hu Tao infused with Pyro sets them on fire.
Throwing a Harpastum while entering aim mode can force a third-person perspective while still aiming your bow.
4TF and 4CW set bonuses do not apply to reactions on environmental objects.
You can jump higher than Normal and travel long distances by repeatedly entering and exiting the cooking menu during an action that moves the character upwards, such as jump, Kazuha E, and Bennett Hold E.
You take damage when you plunge on a spot at Dainichi island bridge, this happens with any weapon type.
The damage is likely counted as from plunge, as it is close to the max plunge DMG, and Xiao is unaffected.
There is also another similar spot behind the counter in Angel's Share.
Sometimes torches will become inextinguishable by Overload, the cause is unknown.
Lightning Struck Trees have a high chance of breaking if you swap characters near them as it keeps applying Electro on you.
It is possible to fix it by relogging or drowning to force reload.
Fishing spot prompt can stay with the character under specific circumstances, and it be extended beyond its normal area by repeatedly entering and exiting the menu.
By crawling into a horizontal position, interacting with a character in teapot, and executing a plunge attack, it is possible to get your character to stand in a horizontal position (as long as they are in an animation or partially clipped into a surface).
Going into the Time option in the Paimon Menu will pause the dying animation. However, gravity still continues working if your character is collapsed on a slope. This can result in some... interesting scenarios.
If you swap quick enough, the character you swap to can "steal" the other character's Elemental Burst animation.
You can attack with a Fishing Rod if you exit Fishing while the ping is fluctuating. This is just a visual bug.
Diona's proc rate on Sacrificial bow is lower than its theoretical average.
There is a bug that causes your character to attack without a weapon in their hands (visually).
The fist of Tartaglia
The fist of Aether
Kuki Shinobu can overlay her equipped sword on top of her dagger if she casts her Elemental Burst during her N3.
Equipped weapons that become invisible during attack strings for certain characters can be made visible by switching weapons mid-animation.
Elemental Particles don't stop moving even when you open a pause menu, you can also absorb them while paused too. This works in every menu, most notably adventure book and wish menu, allowing it to be used in abyss.
Xiangling's Burst can stack in the Contending Tides event or when using a portable teleporter. This bug increases the duration of Xiangling's Pyronado and similar orbital bursts.
Venti's Burst will deal its full Elemental absorption damage even if it is infused later in the Burst. This allows for extra damage for any enemies remaining in the zone.
Venti's Hold Elemental Skill will always lift you vertically up even if the animation is tilted.
There is a small chance that when you use Mona's Press E, the explosion damage and Particle generation also happens when cast. Normally this only happens when her Skill construct expires, it doesn't happen if you use Hold E and only on Press E.
Certain characters' Elemental Skills may not register in-game as used when being used, and vice versa.
The "Switch to Party Member and Use Elemental Burst" input fails when players perform inputs a certain way during a cinematic Elemental Burst.
If you activate the Kamera gadget before using a 5-star Burst while the Special Analysis Zoom Lens option is active, you can achieve characterless bursts.
Chiori's Geo Construct-check from her Skill counts Cryo Samachurl's icicles as a Geo Construct.
Occasionally, Cryogunner Legionnaires will not fully land on the ground after their jump attack pattern while also producing janky hit & collision boxes.
If your Artifact Inventory is near full (from 990/1000), you'll get an "No space left in Inventory" when trying to do a Wish X10.
There is a bug that causes your character to stop moving while sprinting, while still consuming stamina.
You can "break free" from this state by performing any action such as jump, attacks, dash, aim, swap, and entering a menu.
It is possible for the aimed versions of certain abilities to spawn their respective objects in a different location from initially intended. This is done by rapidly panning/moving the camera after releasing it. It can vary depending on the execution, going so far as to appearing directly behind certain characters.
When Oz triggers Overload or Superconduct with his Normal Attack, he generates a Particle for each enemy hit by the reaction. This is called "turbo" Energy generation. By using this mechanic in clumps of enemies, you can gain far more Particles per Oz summon than you would normally be able to. Turbo team compositions are built to force this interaction often to fuel expensive Elemental bursts. This in turn reduces the Energy Recharge investment for units, which allows for more investment into damage.
Assumptions: maximum uptime utilizing Burst, Oz is the trigger for all 10/12 attacks, and the reactions that occur hit all enemies for 12/15 reactions per minute.
Units in a Turbo Team
Cryo Unit for Superconduct Turbo
Pyro Unit for Overload Turbo
Last two slots are flexible
Although for Superconduct Turbo, a secondary Cryo unit may be required to maintain Cryo aura
Kaeya + Chongyun
Kaeya + Diona
Kaeya + Rosaria
Any unit fits here, but the units that benefit most from Turbo are Energy-hungry units. Since turbo allows team compositions to capitalize on turbo's obscene Energy generation by running Beidou, Xiangling, and/or Xingqiu on more offense-oriented stats over Energy Recharge.
When using a character with the same Element as the current aura you will not be able to utilize Fischl's A4 since the on-field character will not be the trigger.
Hotpot is a team comp revolving around the concept of using 4 different elements (Pyro/Hydro/Electro/Cryo) and turboing,
A guide to cooking hotpot by Sayline
The HT pot
Hotpot with Premium Bennett
Retry and Exit Menu Issues
Time in the Spiral Abyss does not stop when you use the Exit button on the top left.
Attempting to retry the chamber just as the last enemy dies results in the following:
An error message will be displayed.
The chamber will end in 0 stars, even if the time remaining is above any of the star requirements.
The chamber will be considered as completed.
Better understanding of Abyss bugs/issues for cleaner runs.
Using the Same Team for Both Abyss Halves
Bug/Exploit: You're able to use your overworld team (regardless of character overlap with first half team) for the second half of Spiral Abyss by selecting retry at the same time as killing the last mob.
Significance: After you clear the second half it doesn't complete, it's unsure whether it would be possible to trick it to complete somehow. It could be useful for speedrun showcases or character highlights in abyss.
Elemental Skills and Bursts Don't Reset When Using Retry in Abyss
Bug: Elemental Skills' and Bursts' CDs do not get reset upon retrying an Abyss floor
Version 4.3 Update Details:
When re-challenging Domains, Trounce Domains, and the Spiral Abyss, if party members' skills are in CD, the CD will be reset.
Evidence: In the first 5 seconds of the clip, I start the Abyss floor and immediately switch to Xingqiu, a character with long CDs, in order to activate Vaporize with Diluc. Xingqiu is equipped with an R1 Sacrificial Sword. In order to achieve the "perfect run", I restart the floor to try to activate Sacrificial Sword's passive. Upon restarting the floor, both Xingqiu's E and Q are off cooldown, causing me to restart the floor again.
Significance: This is significant as some people rely on pure RNG when trying to get that "perfect run". For example, using Xingqiu's Q and following up with two E's (when using Sacrificial Sword) to generate as much Energy Recharge as possible for the next Q is often used in vape comps. When attempting the "perfect run", people may restart several times at the first few seconds of starting a floor to get the Sacrificial Sword's passive to activate. However, they will notice that Xingqiu's E has a 21 second CD which does not get reset upon retrying a stage, forcing them to retry the floor AGAIN. This is especially noticeable on characters with long CDs on Elemental Skills or bursts.
Noblesse Oblige 4-Piece bonus not applying to some bursts
4NO bonus sometimes does not apply to the Beidou's Burst that activated the bonus and never applies to Ganyu's Burst.
For now these are the only two ults that have this issue. The following ults are confirmed to behave as expected: Chongyun, Amber, Kaeya, Jean, XL.
In this video Beidou with 4NO activates Burst two times in Abyss-7 without exiting the floor. The first Burst didn't snapshot the +20% ATK Bonus from 4NO, while 2nd Burst did.
Spreadsheet The calcs to confirm the numbers in the video:
4NO doesn't work on Ganyu
Some other tests:
Jean (4NO works)
Kaeya (4NO works)
Amber (4NO works)
Until patched, Ganyu and Beidou should not hold 4NO buffs as they cannot utilize the buff themselves. It is better suited on other characters until patched.
Resetting or Exiting a Domain does not Reset Elemental Skill Cooldowns
Bug: Resetting or exiting a domain does not reset Elemental Skill cooldowns.
Version 4.3 Update Details:
When re-challenging Domains, Trounce Domains, and the Spiral Abyss, if party members' skills are in CD, the CD will be reset.
Significance: This behavior is not unique to Spiral Abyss and applies to all domains.
Keeping Domain Doors Open
A domains door can be kept opened after exiting the domain.
The following steps need to be followed to cause this:
Be in the domain choosing screen.
Achieve the high ping by deactivating your signal/wifi.
Open the domain again.
Turn on the signal/wifi when the loading icon appears. This has to appear while the door is opening.
Now exit the domain screen. It should be still opened.
The door resets if you teleport to another map or far enough away, but does not if you teleport nearby. It also resets if you interact with the domain again.
Teleporting nearby - Teleporting far away
Ding Domain Ditch
In a high ping scenario, you can run out of the domain arena before the walls appear, leaving your Co-op teammates to complete it by themselves
Less effort required to farm domains, also chaos
Fishing Spot Prompt Bug
The fishing prompt can stay with the character far beyond the normal area under certain conditions. How long and how far it sticks are very inconsistent. The bug persists through: walking, running, sprinting, jumping, gliding, Normal Attacking, Charged Attacking, Plunge Attacking, using an Elemental Skill, using an Elemental Burst, and opening menus. The bug does not persist through a character dying. The fishing prompt can also be extended beyond its normal area by repeatedly entering and exiting the menu.
Normal Fishing Prompt Interaction (for reference): video
Persists through many actions: video
Persists through menu opening: video
Entering and exiting menu extension (from): video
Mostly fluff (could have been used in Rally Inazuma round 6 if bugs were allowed).
Bug: Unlimited respawning bushes when using Hu Tao infused with Pyro sets them on fire and then they respawn.
Significance: Time to farm your eggs and lizards guys
Bug: Throwing a harpastum while entering aim mode can force your camera into third person while aiming
Significance: You can view aimed mode shots in third person without any friends
4-Piece Set Bonuses on Environment Reactions
Bug: Sometimes set bonuses do not work properly if triggered on unconventional sources
Evidence: YouTube Playlist
Significance: This explains some strange damage numbers when fighting enemies in the overworld
Cooking Pot Super Jump
You can yeet yourself high by cooking mid air.
Perform actions that accelerate your player character near the cooking pot (both overworld one and mobile cooking pot works).
Press Cook button right when you gain momentum to enter cooking menu.
Choose any recipe, and the game will briefly unpause and move your character.
By repeatedly choosing and canceling cooking, you can propel yourself to the extent that normally impossible.
Pot can enable higher jumps than usual. This also works with Xiaos enhanced jump during Q and Kazuha E:
Xiaos jump during Q - courtesy of
Yoimiya Q cast animation - courtesy of
By using this trick with Anemo Ring, Electrograna, or Bennett hold E level 2 charge, you can jump/fly exceedingly long distances:
Bennett hold E level 2 charge
This trick does not work with wind current alone (including one from Venti Hold E). You stop rising at a certain height like you normally do, and it does not appear to be higher than usual:
Venti hold E
Can be used to reach places normally inaccessible, especially by utilizing Bennett and the portable cooking stove.
Leg Break Bridge
You take damage when you plunge on this spot at Dainichi island bridge, this happens with any type of weapon.
The damage is likely counted as from plunge, as it is close to the max plunge DMG, and Xiao is unaffected.
Hu Tao, Xingqiu, Ningguang
Significance: Funny physics bug.
Horizon Tech Sequel
By crawling into a horizontal position, interacting with a character in teapot, and executing a plunge attack, it is possible to get your character to stand in a horizontal position (as long as they are in an animation or partially clipped into a surface)
Also, by climbing into a firework precisely placed on Geo Traveler's rock, it is possible to force the character into a 45 degree angle and plunge off, to the same effects as horizon tech, but at 45 degrees. (Currently only tested to be possible with the teen female character model)
Credit to the original Horizon Tech
Build Guide in Teapot, more info in YouTube
45 degree guide: YouTube (45 degree guide)
Looks kinda cool.
Dying Animation Pause
Going into the time adjustment menu pauses the dying animation. However, gravity still continues working if your character is collapsed on a slope. This can result in some... interesting footage, including bodies flopping over, half-disappeared bodies flopping over, bodies flopping over in comedic ways while I lose my last braincell. Standing on a slope while dying of sheer cold doesn't work, drowning neither. Interestingly enough, gravity does stop when you are in the time adjustment menu while falling.
Better understanding of how the bodies are modelled, fluff,... and suffering.
Leg Break Bridge 2
Diluc is hiring part time, so Diona applies, but little does he know that he has a workplace injury settlement coming his way.
Take damage when you plunge behind the counter in Diluc's Tavern, the Angel's Share, any weapon type works
The damage is likely counted as from plunge, as it is close to the max plunge DMG, and Xiao is unaffected. Works the same way as The Leg Break Bridge.
Xiao no plunge damage: YouTube
Diona suing Diluc for workplace injury: YouTube
Another strange place other than Leg Break Bridge where you can kill yourself with low plunge attacks. This means that there could be more places where you can hurt yourself somewhere in the world.
Netlimited Blade Works
Xingqiu's orbital rain swords can apply Hydro multiple times in a short duration with high ping. The higher the ping, the more times the orbitals will apply Hydro.
High Ping Test: YouTube
Low Ping Test: YouTube
Fast shield-breaking tech, can apply Hydro very fast to allow more vapes in Xingqiu teams where Pyro units would typically apply too much Pyro to consistently vape Pyro hits.
Lag and Snapshot Interactions
Finding: Skills that snapshot character stats like attack and HP are probably snapshotted client side and sent to server to be confirmed. The same applies to Skills that actually apply the buff, like Bennett buff and Hutao buff which both apply their buffs without the need for server connection. However, HP can't be changed without server connection so it results in weird interactions with Hutao or Bennett buffs.
Skills that are dependent on enemy HP values like Diluc c1 or Albedo A2 are applied server-side, and from the findings lag doesn't cause any unexpected damage numbers. This probably implies all damage done is calculated by the server, but using the stats sent from the player client.
Diluc C1 not benefitting
Clipping a Fruit Stand into landmasses allows your character to climb and stand horizontally, resulting in some pretty tasty spaghetti.
Guide to Spaghetti Impact
The sacrifices made to get this far
Looks kinda cool.
In a high ping environment, it is possible to lose Traveler's sword and go weaponless. Being a gigachad that he is, Aether can abandon the dull blade at will and fist everybody on his way.
It is very possible that other characters can lose their weapons. At the very least, Anemo Aether can lose it. And he can fist you.
An addendum to this Library Entry
By doing a ranged N1 and switching to melee stance on the same frame, Childe will do rN1 without holding his bow, summoning an arrow his fist. If you continue to press Attack without moving, Childe will keep doing this until you stop pressing or melee stance runs out.
Dash, then immediately hold Attack. Childe is one of the few characters that can do an N1 on Attack release (aka negative edge), which is what this will set up.
After dash ends, while holding a movement direction, press Skill and release Attack on the same frame. Childe will do a bowless rN1.
Let go of movement, and keep spamming Attack.
This can be also done without the negative edge N1, but requires a 1 frame M1 click and release, so the negative edge method is easier to do.
The Archer class really is made up of archers!
Kuki Planting Things
Kuki Shinobu will overlay her equipped sword on top of her dagger if she casts her Elemental Burst during her N3.
Favonius Sword: YouTube
Skyward Blade: YouTube
Kagotsurube Isshin: YouTube (slowed down)
Fluff; looks cool
Equipped weapons that are discarded (become invisible) during attack strings for certain characters can be made visible by switching weapons mid-animation. This effect persists until the weapon is sheathed (appears behind them in its neutral state).
YouTube - Examples with Zhongli, Raiden, Yelan and Alhaitham
YouTube - Swapping to the same or a different weapon both produce the same effect.
Fluff for photography. A closer look into how weapons animated during certain attack strings. Explains phenomena such as Kuki Planting Things.
Xiangling's Burst can Stack in Contending Tides Event
Xiangling's Burst can stack in the Contending Tides event.
Significance: Very fast clears on contending tides, and potentially similar events in the future. This can also be abused in overworld, as Contending Tides is only required for the set up, not the execution.
Example with Setup
Rip Cryo Regisvine
In the contending tides event, cast Xiangling's Burst.
After casting Xiangling's Burst, immediately press M to enter the map, and then press P to abandon challenge.
Teleport to a statue of the seven, wait a couple seconds, and then teleport back to the contending tides arena.
Start a contending tides challenge, and any stacked Bursts will appear. If you're on the first cycle, only one pyronado will appear.
Quickly charge Xiangling's Burst (I used 4 Pyro characters + around 250% ER to do this) and cast Xiangling's Burst.
After casting Xiangling's Burst, press M to enter map and press P to abandon challenge.
Repeat until you have many Bursts stacked.
This causes Xiangling's Burst to last for a REALLY long time (about 45-ish seconds)
These stacks can be maintained in the open world, so if you want to do something like kill the Cryo regisvine in 4 seconds you can do that
You have to press M and then P in quick succession, because you can't abandon challenge in the map so you have to buffer it by pushing M and then P quickly
Characters can enter sprint by pressing dash while standing and then pressing and holding a direction during the dash animation. If a direction is pressed and held on the frame when the character begins to stand up, they will stop moving, but continue to drain stamina as long as a direction is held.
Performing any action such as jump, attacks, dash, aim, swap, and entering a menu will cause the character to break free, presumably because these actions normally will end sprint.
Breaking free compilation: YouTube
Gadgets that can be used while sprinting will not cause the character to break free: Imgur
Spinning while in this state will cause the character to sink into the ground: Imgur
A character's feet will spaz out when spinning: Imgur
Fluff, annoying bug when you do it by accident.
Venti Q Late Absorption Bug
Venti Burst's Elemental absorption creates an independent and invisible AoE field that always ticks for for the full number of ticks regardless of when absorption happens.
Clips 1 and 2 show that even when absorption happens late, the Elemental infusion damage continues to tick even after Venti's Q ended. I counted 14 ticks in first clip and 15 ticks in second clip, which should be around the max total ticks of early infusion, but I'm not sure why the second clip showed 1 more tick.
Clip 3 (0:30) shows that when an enemy moves away from the area where the infusion happened, they stop taking the infusion damage. Clip 4 (0:45) shows that if an enemy moves into the area where the infusion happened, they'll take tick damage for the remaining duration of the infusion. This shows that the Elemental infusion creates an invisible AoE field that does a set number of ticks before disappearing.
When Elemental absorption happens late into a Venti Q, the damage from Elemental infusion ticks aren't lost as long as enemies stay inside the AoE. However you would still lose out on Swirl damage if there's no Element to be swirled.
Venti E hold visual error
Bug: Venti's Hold Elemental Skill will always lift you vertically up
Step 1. Use Venti's Hold E on a flat surface, see what direction you go
Step 2. Repeat but have Venti on an incline
Step 3. Repeat but have Venti on the very edge of the box
This may be considered a bug due to the visual indication being tilted, but the actual windstream being vertical.
When exploring, Venti's Hold Elemental Skill will always lift you up, so positioning or angle of Venti does not matter.
Mona Elemental Skill Bug
There is a small chance that when you use Mona's Press E, the explosion damage and Particle generation also happens during cast.
As we can see in all the videos, when Mona used Press E, it did damage to the enemy and also generated Particles (the same amount of damage and Particles as the Phantom explosion).
It can happen against any enemy, and it seems to be a random occurrence. It doesn't seems to follow any pattern (in some tests it would happen 1 time in 10 mins, in others it would happen 2 times in 2 mins). It doesn't seems to be related to Mona's Cons, Weapons, Artifacts, neither to mechanical input or ping. It doesn't happens if you use Hold E, only on Press E. Don't know if this bug happened in previous patches. Thanks to @Aluminum | Harbinger of Jank for one of the clips.
If this bug can be replicated consistently, it can double Mona's Energy Generation + a minimal increase in damage.
Characters Steal Burst From Each Others
If you swap fast enough, the character you swap to can "steal" another characters ult
This works for characters that "summons" objects such as childe, raiden, hutao, etc
You can make anyone the Geo Archon now.
Aimed Abilities Not Going Where Aimed
It is possible for the aimed versions of certain abilities to spawn their respective objects in a different location from initially intended. This is done by rapidly panning/moving the camera after releasing it. It can vary depending on the execution, going so far as to appearing directly behind certain characters.
This mechanic applies to the following:
Albedo's E, Solar Isotoma
Arataki Itto's E, Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst
Gorou's E, Inuzaka All-Round Defense
Fischl's E, Nightrider
Keqing's E, Stellar Restoration
Gorou, Arataki Itto, Fischl
Better understanding of these characters and aimed abilities. Possible tech for some players looking for some level of Skill expression, despite how benign it is.
3.3 Update Details:
Fixes an issue that caused some characters to move abnormally in an idle state under certain specific circumstances.
When a character is near the edge of a platform above a body of water and jump, their jump will be changed to a diving animation. However, if they're in the middle of an idle animation or camera pose, the dive animation doesn't happen until the character is back to normal pose, during this time the character is in some kind of floating state and can move indefinitely in any direction if pushed.
Float down: YouTube
Float with the camera: YouTube
Elevator float and air walk: YouTube
Travel with style, and do it quickly before it's patched
Phantom Skill Procs
It is possible to use an Elemental Skill and have the game not register it as being used, and vice versa.
During specific parts of a dash animation, some characters (namely Qiqi and Amber; Barbara is possible but evidence is difficult to acquire) can use their Elemental Skill but not have the game register it as being used. The 4-Piece Set Bonus of the Crimson Witch of Flames Artifact Set was used to track the game's registering of an Elemental Skill by checking changes in the Pyro DMG Bonus stat. The effect can also be tracked with Layla's A1 Passive.
A more interesting aspect of this bug is actually being able to jump/dash cancel out of the Elemental Skills (basically pressing both at the same time) which creates the opposite effect. A stack of CW will be gained so the game registers an Elemental Skill being used despite it not actually going on CD.
Evidence of Elemental Skills being used not registering:
Evidence of Elemental Skills not being used registering:
The significance of this is up in the air. On one hand, you can stack CW 3 times or abuse Layla's shield mechanics or anything that revolves around stacking skill uses. On the other hand, things not registering have the significance of being something you need to actively play around to avoid. It's an interesting set of bugs with a limited reach of characters. The bug is also extremely inconsistent.
Swap And Burst Input Bug
The "Switch to Party Member and Use Elemental Burst" input fails when players perform inputs a certain way during a cinematic Elemental Burst. Holding Left Alt mid-animation in preparation to press the other character's button after the Burst is over will cause the character to swap without bursting. To successfully perform the swap-and-burst input, players must perform all parts of their input AFTER the cinematic is over.
All tests on PC and with button presses recorded. First video contains failed Bursts where the player holds Left Alt early and furiously mashes the character swap button. Second video contains successful Bursts where the player swaps from a character with non-cinematic Burst, or times their inputs precisely and AFTER the animation.
Useful for successfully executing certain rotations. Necessary to avoid failing the (Q -> swap -> other character Burst -> swap back to catch mirrors) rotation tech for Alhaitham.
If you activate the Kamera gadget before using a 5-star Burst while the Special Analysis Zoom Lens option is active, you can achieve characterless bursts. The character disappears a few frames after the burst is activated, and only the visual effects remain.
Great wallpaper material, ~~Ayaka doesnt ruin her burst by being there~~.
What Is A Geo Construct
A few enemy constructs count for Chiori's Geo-construct-check: Geo Samachurl's pillar, Geo Hypostasis' pillar, and Cryo Samachurl's icicles -- the last one being the suspicions one. Why is Cryo Geo? My theory is that it's a literal reskinned Geo Samachurl, and hoyo fixed it for Zhongli but not Chiori.
Chiori's construct-check is most likely bugged.
Disappearing Fatui When They Shouldn't
Occasionally, Cryogunner Legionnaires will not fully land on the ground after their jump attack pattern while also producing janky hit & collision boxes.
This is not simply a visual bug, but rather they physically stay in the air, while acting as if theyre grounded: Their collision box would be grounded (as evidenced by Raidens inability to dash out of that spot due to hitbox collision) while their hitbox would be in air (as evidenced by Xingqius tracking).
If you slow it frame by frame on the 60FPS video, youll see some numbers left in the air right before the Cryogunner re-materialises.
Similarly, the collision of the Crackling Axe Mitachurl is grounded while it is performing the jump attack.
Credits to YouTube
Just another one amongst annoying Fatui mechanics.
Particles Move While Game is Paused
Finding: Elemental Particles don't stop moving even when you open a pause menu. You can absorb Particles while in a pause menu. Works in every menu most notably adventure book and wish menu allowing it to be used in abyss.
Allows characters to quickly absorb Particles, reducing the time they are on-screen doing nothing, also reducing the chance they get hit.
Artifact Inventory size affects Wishing
If your artifact inventory is near full (993/1000 in this case) you get an "No space left in inventory" when trying to 10-pull
Video: Skip to 1:40 after the beginning to see that 10-pulls are allowed after clearing up space
This check already exists if you try to collect artifacts with a near full inventory, wishes may operate similarly or this could just be a bug.
Torches (and maybe campfires) sometimes become unextinguishable by Overloads. Sometimes they extinguish after a long time of using Overloads. Cause unknown.
Video: No matter the amount, type, or Gauge of the Overload, the torch could not be extinguished.
Understanding of overworld mechanics.
Lightning Struck Tree Breaks When Swapping Characters
Lightning Struck Trees have a high chance of breaking if you swap characters near them as it keeps applying Electro on you. It is possible to fix it by relogging or drowning to force reload.
Understanding overworld mechanics. May inhibit exploration of tatarasuna for new players.
Fishing Is Kinda Boring
You can attack with fishing rod if you exit fishing while ping is turbo or you are DCed
They should make fishing more engaging imo.
E (tap and hold): 1U - Video
Q (after swapping): 1U - Video
Tap: No ICD - Video
Hold: No ICD - Video
Q (after swapping) - No ICD - Imgur
C6 Procs - No ICD - Video
E and Q: Dynamic - Video
Frame data - Google Sheets
Candace N2 is blunt.
Tap and hold E are blunt. Tap E can Shatter but hold E doesn't Shatter despite it being blunt.
Candace's counter has no startup, it is active as soon as the UI greys out. However, there is a variable delay between key press and activation dependent on input delay.
Tap E creates 2 Particles each time it hits an enemy.
16 trials, no case where 2 Particles are not produced - Video
Hold E creates 3 Particles each time it hits an enemy.
5 minutes' worth of trials, should be enough - Video
A1: Aegis of Crossed Arrows
Her A1 will only activate while E is held at the time of getting hit.
C6: The Overflow
Candace C6 has no ICD. - Video
Candace's infusion overrides C6 Bennett. - Video
Candace can't overwrite Chongyuns infusion. - Video
Candace + Chongyun infusion = Frozen weapon (that does Cryo DMG) - Video
Significance: Chongyun doesnt quite override Candace. What may happen is that the weapon infusions trigger Freeze on the weapon, which depletes both elements and leaves a Frozen aura. This Frozen aura is what deals Cryo DMG. This is more information on weapon infusions and can lead to questions like can a weapon do Cryo and Hydro DMG if there is enough Hydro on it (like how Swirl can Swirl Cryo and Hydro on a Frozen enemy).
Interaction between Candace and Keqing infusion results in weapon being Electro-Charged but deals Hydro DMG.
After Keqing casts her Skill, her weapon gains Electro aura as usual but she still has visual effect of Candace's Hydro infusion.
When using Elemental sight, her weapon visually appears as Electro-infused. - Video
Even though her weapon has appearance of Electro infusion, Keqing normal attacks under Candace Burst deals Hydro damage. - Video
When applying infusions in order of Candace Burst -> Keqing Skill -> Chongyun Skill. Superconduct is triggered. Indicating Electro gauge is physically present (not just as a visual effect) even though it does not seem to affect damage type of attacks. - Video
Candace N4 string is able to get 12 procs of Beidou's Q pretty easily. Her Q and E timings allow for multiple variations. These combos do require a small amount of timing after the N4, since mashing LMB or dashing into an N1 will make you hit slightly too fast. - Video
First combo: N1Q N3 E N4W N4 E N4
The start of this should work well for Candace's setup if swapping to another character. The E should be done slightly before the N3-2 connects to space out for the following N1.
Second Combo: N4 E N4W N4 E N4
Potential basic combo after quickswapping in. The E animation is under 1s, so it can be weaved in anywhere after a Beidou proc.
Third Combo: 4N4W
Initial proof of concept. Main takeaway is that Candace would be able to drive well when quickswapped into.
A descendant of King Deshret with an amber left eye. The defender of Aaru Village.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
N2 is a blunt attack.
Tap and hold E are blunt. Tap E can Shatter but hold E doesn't Shatter despite it being blunt.
The counter has no startup, it is active as soon as the UI greys out.
A1 will only activate while E is held.
Full Talent Values
HP Loss on Retry
Findings: You lose about 12.5% HP from taking the HP buff and resetting.
Significance: Could use to reduce Hu Tao HP. Also just hurts the HP pool, so can be impactful.
Cards Activate Immediately upon Selection
Findings: In the spiral abyss, there is a buff card that says "Character DMG within 8s of sprint +20%. Can only occur once every 15 seconds.". It came to my attention that it remains unknown to some people that if you sprint to the key before starting the chamber, the buff's timer starts ticking and you have to wait for the cooldown to end before pressing start. Otherwise, you waste the buff at the start.
In this video, you can see that sprinting after choosing the buff will make the buff icon show up at the bottom, meaning it was proc'd. Then, after pressing start, I sprinted a little bit and couldn't proc the buff again since it was on its 15 second cooldown.
Conversely, in this video, you can see that walking up to the key, starting the domain, and then sprinting is more efficient in terms of proc'ing the card buff.
Significance: With how the current abyss and upcoming 1.5 abyss are known to be massive DPS checks, it's crucial that you take full advantage of the abyss card buffs. +20% damage is generally worth more than a 4 noblesse effect buff, and it shouldn't be wasted if you want to 3 a chamber. Moreover, this card can appear under the 'Effective this floor" category meaning it will help you throughout the entire floor.
Character DMG Within 8s Of Sprint +20% Abyss Card Buff Does Not Snapshot
The +20% DMG buff given by the "Character DMG within 8s of sprint +20%" Abyss card does not snapshot.
When this Abyss buff is selected, sprinting after Fischl has cast her Elemental Skill increases Oz's damage on CRIT from 7207 to 7894. After the buff expires, as seen on the bottom of the screen, Oz's damage returns to 7207.
More data on what does and does not snapshot. Because this buff does not snapshot, it will not last for the full duration of longer snapshotting abilities, such as Fischl's Skill or Ganyu's Burst. Teams whose snapshotting abilities do the majority of their damage later in the rotation should avoid activating this buff too early; otherwise, it will expire before the point where it would be most effective.
At each chamber of a floor, 3 cards are offered. You may select one. These cards offer some form of a buff which take effect immediately 1.
List of cards
If a player presses retry and reselects the Max HP +25% card, they will be missing some HP
The +20% DMG buff provided by the "Character DMG within 8s of sprint +20%" Abyss card does not snapshot
A Thousand Floating Dreams
It's possible to have up to a total of 4 stacks using trial characters, but no more than 3 stacks of the same type.
Crane's Echoing Call
Stacks refresh on stack gain and act as one.
Stacks are gained upon initial input, not on hit.
Stacks are dynamic and can't be snapshotted.
The Elemental Skill that triggers a stack is also affected by it.
Klee can gain 2 stacks by casting 1 E with a double tap and no other actions are performed within ~81 frames afterwards.
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
Lost Prayer does not reset upon leaving combat, ONLY upon switching to a different character or if the character is defeated
The buff timer starts ticking and continues ticking whether the holder is on the field or not. However the character only gains a stack every 4 seconds if that character is on field.
Memory of Dust
Xingqiu's Rain Swords do not count as a shield for Memory of Dust
Hits that can gain stacks include Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst hits. and
MoD can gain stacks on zero-damage attacks.,,
Skyward Atlas's passive can CRIT.
Tome of the Eternal Flow
Tome of the Eternal Flow doesn't gain stacks when off field. @f99shi
Ballad of the Boundless Blue
Ballad of the Boundless Blue stacks stay when off field. - @emmaus
Eye of Perception
Fruit of Fulfillment
Buff applies to the holder
Crytallize, Swirl and Swirl chain reactions work for the effect
Buff does not get refreshed
Buff does not trigger when the character equipped with Hakushin Ring is off-field and
Hakushin Ring does not buff Hydro party members when Hyperbloom is triggered. - @oliveuwu.
The Passive does not stack when casting the Elemental Skill multiple times within 10s, but the duration is refreshed.
Increases Hydro% from Mona A4.
HP regeneration is based off the Max HP of the character being healed, not the max HP of the character equipped with Prototype Amber
HP regeneration does not stack when multiple characters use Prototype Amber. The second one overrides the first one.
HP regeneration is affected by Healing Bonus and Incoming Healing Bonus
The Passive remains active even when the character is swapped out.
When entering the second half of a Spiral Abyss chamber, if the wielder is in the first slot the buff timer will start during the loading screen.
Evenstar buff begins 64 frames after it's equipped, all timers are reset when removed or when enter/exit domains (including challenge again, abyss try again, etc.), allowing the buff to reapply 64 frames after re-equipping or enter/exit domains regardless of the previous timer.
Wine and Song
HP restored is affected by Healing Bonus and Incoming Healing Bonus
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
The Passive remains active even when the character is swapped out.
Low Stat = 10 substat lines
Med Stat = 20 substat lines
High Stat = 30 substat lines
Genshin Impact Fandom
Frames - Sheet - @.keng
Gauges - @ham2105
All of NA, CA, Skill Tap, and Skill Hold apply 1U - Videos: NA, CA, Skill Tap, Skill Hold
Burst Cast Damage: 2U - Video
Burst Kamera: 1U - Video
C6: 1U - Video
Skill Tap and Hold: Standard - Skill Tap / Skill Hold - @maelstromica
CA: None - Video - @maelstromica
Burst Kamera: 4-hit - Video - @emmaus
Charlotte's Skill Tap generates 3 particles, and Skill Hold generates 5 particles - Skill Tap / Skill Hold - @ham2105
Charlotte's Skill Tap and Hold initial damage has separate ICD from the Mark - Skill Tap / Skill Hold - @maelstromica
Charlotte's Skill Tap and Hold do not snapshot - Skill Tap / Skill Hold - @maelstromica
Charlotte needs to hold her Skill for ~1.85s to reach a Finisher Frame state - Video - @clevernt
Charlotte's Skill Tap hits 5 times (1 initial then 4 ticks), and her Skill Hold hits 9 times (1 initial then 8 ticks) - Video - @ham2105
Charlotte's Burst snapshots - Video - @maelstromica
Charlotte's Burst hits 9 times (1 initial then 8 ticks) - Video - @ham2105
Charlotte's C1 Healing does not snapshot - Video
Indefatigable reporter of The Steambird, constantly on the hunt for the "truth."
Charlotte Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Over their duration, 'Snappy Silhouette' hits 4 times, and 'Focused Impression' hits 9 times.
The skill's initial hit does not share ICD with 'Snappy Silhouette' and 'Focused Impression'.
Charlotte needs to hold her skill for ~1.85s to reach a Finisher Frame state.
Charlotte's Burst hits 9 times (1 initial then 8 ticks)
This healing does not snapshot.
Full Talent Values
Chevreuse And DotDS Interaction Inconsistency
Proccing the Dialogues of the Desert Sages effect twice on Chevreuse' healing effect is inconsistent and may be constellation, hold/tap, ping and/or framerate dependent.
It appears that high ping can make it proc twice.
C0 low ping: YouTube
C0 high ping: YouTube (courtesy of @clevernt)
C6 high ping: YouTube (courtesy of @haafr)
Chevreuse needs to take the lack of second energy regen into account while calculating her ER needs, and more testing is needed.
The captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, who wears justice as an ever-present seal upon her heart. Her musket shall only ever point at the guilty.
Chevreuse Mains Discord
Full Chevreuse Written Guide
Chevreuse Quick Guide
# Minute Video Guide to Chevreuse
take frames (with hitlag -> na column) and mv/s from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l5DOZ6RgYYMIxMtJtd7oQNL9WWVNXcQL0nwan7q7QGc/edit?usp=sharing
take poise damage (rounded to 2 decimal points) and impulse type from https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/InterruptionResistance/Data or the character's wiki page
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Proccing the Dialogues of the Desert Sages effect twice on Chevreuse' healing effect is inconsistent and may be constellation, hold/tap, ping and/or framerate dependent.
Full Talent Values
"Childe" Tartaglia, Eleventh of the Fatui Harbingers..
Childe - Final form
He draws power from the ominous Delusion he possesses and fights using martial arts that he learned in a land of darkness. He is a pure warrior with an insatiable lust for battle. Each bloody conflict, each life-and-death struggle is a delightful trial to him. People say that the young Childe is famed throughout the land for his battle prowess. But he has never taken big talk of this kind to heart. After all..."You shall ever be the eye of the storm,"And the clashing of steel shall ever accompany you."The pitch-black memory of stepping into uttermost darkness,"Shall, at last, become the strength by which you will overturn this world."
Unless otherwise noted, any attack that hits the player will leave a Riptide mark(Hydro or Electro).
Attacks that hit characters already marked by Riptide will deal additional AoE Hydro and AoE Electro DMG.
This will also trigger the Electro-Charged Elemental reaction.
The mark can be removed by touching the arena's barrier to trigger a Vaporize or Overloaded reaction. This reaction does not deal damage to the character.
The mark will persist even if you switch characters.
Childe teleports instantly to any point of the arena.
This move is performed if the player is too far away.
Performs up to 4 consecutive charged shots with a bow, dealing Hydro DMG.
Vortex of Turmoil: Gathers Hydro energy on his Glaive and launches it forwards, spearing anything in its path.
Deals Hydro damage. May be used up to 3 times consecutively.
Releases hydrospouts in a straight line, dealing Hydro DMG and launching the player upwards.
Unleashes two flying crescent slashes, dealing Hydro DMG.
Performs 2 consecutive attacks, dealing Electro DMG.
Performs a slash towards the player, dealing dealing a moderate amount of Electro DMG. This is an AoE attack that spans a 180 arc.
Performs 3 consecutive attacks (slash, cross-slash, horizontal slash), then throws a spinning polearm forward. All attacks in this Skill deal Electro DMG.
Summons a lightning cloud that shoots 4 consecutive Electro blades at the player.
This move does not leave a Riptide mark or cause knockback.
Performs at least 1 and up to 5 consecutive charged forward dash attacks, dealing Electro DMG in his wake.
Unleashes attack in the form of a wheel, dashing forward and returning to its initial location and dealing Electro DMG.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with Electro riptide.
Charges for a while, then unleashes 4 arrows upward that fall to deal massive Hydro DMG in a huge AoE around him.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with Hydro riptide.
Charges for a while, then unleashes a huge horned humpback whale-shaped Hydro attack with a bow in a huge AoE in front of him, dealing massive Hydro DMG.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with Hydro riptide.
Marks the player with a circle of black lightning. Charges for a while, flies high slowly, and then strikes down at the player, dealing massive amount of Electro DMG around the landing point.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with Electro riptide.
The owner of Chioriya Boutique. A tailor renowned throughout Fontaine.
Chiori Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
3 Attack Rotation Time and Frames + Max Amounts of Shattered Procs with Chongyun Alone (E is not Shattered)
3 Attack Rotations
3 Full Damage Rotation takes 11.2 Seconds in Cryo-Field with 8% Attack Speed (buffed). The duration of Cryo-Field is 10 seconds but charged attack is still infused due to a lingering effect.
Rough frames and Seconds
Frames: 194 (1 rotation)
Seconds: 3.07 (1 rotation)
3 Attack Rotation's Shattered procs with E freezing enemy.
(E Cast)Apply Cryo (freeze)
1st. Shattered + Apply Cryo (freeze)
2nd. Shattered + ICD
4th. Apply Cryo (freeze)
5th. Shattered + ICD
7th. Apply Cryo (freeze)
8th. Shattered + ICD
10th. Apply Cryo (freeze)
11th. Shattered + ICD
Conclusion: From 12 basic attacks
5 Shattered - ( E Shattered) Since initial slam to the ground of E has it's own ICD, you can have 2 Shattered reactions on the 1st rotation. This will just make it so that you get 1 more reaction and by the end of the 3 rotations, end with a Shattered reaction instead of an ICD.
Frost Field Tick Rate
Chongyun's E applies its effects on eligible units once EVERY second, and that second is perfectly aligned with the CD of the Skill such that it ticks on EXACTLY XX.0 for every second of the field duration.
Lvl 1 E
In this video, I lose the infusion buff around 9 seconds of CD, and I walk back in immediately after 8.XX has passed. I do not get the infusion buff again until 7.0 on the CD, following the XX.0 rule.
Lvl 2 E
Chongyuns E however can have the infusion linger for up to 3 seconds (w/ E levels), but as you can see with this video where I leveled it up to 2 (2.1 sec duration) from the previous videos level 1 (2.0 sec duration) this doesnt change the functionality of the Cryo field in regards to XX.0 rule. It still applies at the same intervals, it just lingers for longer without needing to be reapplied.
Dodging E ticks
Of course since Chongyuns E adheres to this rule this also means you can weave in and out of the field and never get any benefit as long as you avoid the intervals where buffs are granted.
If you re-enter a buff field or swap to a new character immediately after this XX.0 has already passed, that character will be stranded with no buff until the next XX.0. So, when optimizing your rotations involving Chongyun, you can only apply the benefits of a field buff in intervals of exactly one second. If you swap to a new character on XX.1 seconds remaining CD of the Skill, they will get the buff on the next tenth of a second, while if you swap to a new character when XX.9 seconds remains, they will be stranded without the buffs for almost a full second, potentially introducing some inconsistency/uninfused normal attacks. Rotations that rely heavily on field buffs should time their swaps out so that they receive the necessary buffs in a timely manner.
Chongyun E and A4 interactions
The various interactions between Chongyuns A4 and E have been looked at and the findings are as follows:
Chongyuns A4 blade is considered as Elemental Skill damage and as such can proc the effects of TotM 4-pc bonus and Sacrificial Greatsword.
Chongyuns A4 blade snapshots the buffs received by the E Skill on cast and buffs received after do not take effect. This suggests that Chongs E and A4 work similarly to Geo travelers E and C2 snapshot interaction.
Chongyuns E area is not a field but instead a cylinder of unknown (But large) height and depth. Chongyuns A4 can target any enemy within this large cylindrical area.
Chongyuns A4 is considered E Skill damage. As show in the video, 4 TotM effect and Sacrificial Greatsword work with A4 Spirit Blade: Video
Chongyuns A4 snapshots any buffs received by E Skill: Video
Chongyuns E field has a large cylindrical area and his A4 blade can target any enemy within it: Video
Because Chongyuns A4 is considered Skill damage and can proc TotM, this can open up new builds for teams that can snapshot the buff before it runs out, furthermore Chongyun might be able to equip new artifact sets in the future that revolve around Skill damage.
As Chongyuns A4 snapshots any buffs received by E Skill, new rotations can be made that allow Chongyuns E to snapshot buffs first to make the most of E and A4 Skill damage.
Due to the actual large area of Chongyuns E field, it can be noted in the future that leaving the ground will not deactivate the effects of the field as long as you stay within its radius. Useful for characters that can use their E Skill in the air such as Xiao. Also, less practical and more meme-y (and fun), Chongyuns A4 can be used to snipe unsuspecting enemies near high cliffs and ravines.
Chongyun Burst Maximum Range
The maximum casting range for Chongyun's Burst is 17.85m (7 Abyss tiles).
In this video Chongyun is standing 8 tiles away from the actual target and the Burst doesn't cast on it.
In this video Chongyun is standing 7 tiles away from the target and the Burst does target it.
Expansion in understanding of Chongyun's kit.
C1: Ice Unleashed
Chongyun C1 damage
Chongyuns C1 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Testing done by
Damage is consistent with and without 4bolide bonus - Video
Damage is consistent with and without 2gambler bonus - Video
Damage is consistent with and without 2NO bonus- Video
Damage calculations for Chongyun
C2: Atmospheric Revolution
C2 CDR Based on Original Cooldown
Finding: Chongyun C2 reduces your cooldown based on your original cooldown instead of the increased cooldown while affected by Slowing Waters.
C2 Chongyun reduces Qiqis E cooldown by 4.5 seconds. It continues to do so while in Cecilia Garden 2 which increases your Skills CD duration by 100%.
Significance: Chongyun is largely ineffective at decreasing the debuff from slowing waters in a meaningful fashion.
Finding: When used with any cooldown reduction(CDR) from the active character, Chongyuns C2 reduces your cooldown after the CDR from the active character and Slowing Waters.
Significance: This suggests that when another character grants a different character CDR it is treated as a separate buff that is applied without taking debuffs in account.
C6: Rally of Four Blades
Chongyun C6 DMG bonus is Additive
C6 Chongyuns Spirit Blade - Cloud-Parting Star deals 15% more DMG to enemies with a lower percentage of their Max HP is an additive bonus.
Video with the enemy not having a lower percentage of his Max HP than Chongyun: YouTube
Video with the enemy having a lower percentage of his Max HP than Chongyun: YouTube
(1+0.15+0.223)/(1+0.223) = 320/285 math by Robin
Testing was done with a Lv. 70 Chongyun & 22.3% Cryo DMG Goblet.
+15% to Cryo Damage + Noblesse - the bonus gained from constellation 6 is about ~7% (ballpark estimate by Kleeful) for a well built Chongyun. DMG bonus being additive implies that it would deal less damage than previously expected, where it was assumed to be a multiplicative bonus.
A young exorcist from a family of exorcists. He does everything he can to suppress his abundance of yang energy.
Chongyun Mains Discord
Swordfall: A Chongyun Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Normal and Charged Attacks share standard ICD.
The field works as a cylinder with a large height.
The infusion persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
The maximum casting range for Spirit Blade: Cloud-Parting Star is 17.85m (7 Abyss tiles). If it's casted any further it will not target the enemy.
The Spirit Blade is considered Elemental Skill damage.
The Spirit Blade snapshots any buffs received upon Chonghuas Layered Frost use.
No ICD on Elemental application
The Cryo RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Chongyun C2 reduces your cooldown based on your original cooldown instead of the increased cooldown while affected by Slowing Waters.
When used with any cooldown reduction (CDR) from the active character, Chongyuns C2 reduces your cooldown after the reduction from the active character and Slowing Waters.
For example: Bennett CDRs from his Ascension 1 and Ascension 4 talents apply before Chongyun's C2 CDR.
This DMG Bonus is Additive.
See: Damage Formula
Full Talent Values
Little creatures that can ever so slightly manipulate elements.
All Cicins have +40% (50% total) resistance to their own Element.
They and other such creatures are known collectively as Cicins, and though they are individually weak, they can cause significant damage under the right circumstances.
Attacks with bolts. They are also quite nimble, making it hard to land a hit on them.
They and other such creatures are known collectively as Cicins. They are individually very weak, but it is precisely because they are weak that they have evolved unique methods of movement that allow them to avoid predators.
Attacks with bolts. They are also quite nimble, making it hard to land a hit on them.
They and other such creatures are known collectively as Cicins, and they truly adore the rare and wonderful Mist Grass plant. It is by exploiting this relationship that the Fatui Mages have sought to commandeer Cicins in battle.
Attacks with bolts. They are also quite nimble, making it hard to land a hit on them.
Beacon of the Reed Sea
The passive will not trigger if shielded - @twce
The passive affects Beidou's C1 shield HP. - @bobrokrot
The Vacuum Blades created count as raw Physical damage and are not affected by the normal attack buff from 4 set Gladiator's Finale
Vacuum Blades can CRIT.
Song of Broken Pines
Hits that can gain stacks include Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst hits. and
The Unforged can gain stacks on zero-damage attacks.,,
WGS procs do not stack, the most recent proc overwrites the existing proc, even if the existing buff hasn't ended yet
Hits that can trigger WGS passive include Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst hits. and
The hit that procs Wolf's Gravestone's passive does not get the buff bonus applied to itself. Only subsequent hits are affected by the buff.
WGS passive can be triggered by zero-damage attacks.,,
Samurai Conduct has a 22 to 24-frame delay from when your Elemental Skill hits an enemy to when you actually lose Energy.
Childe does not contribute a stack to the Lithic Series.
Oceanic Victory only procs when the wielder is on the field.
Mailed Flowers passive can't be triggered or refreshed from off-field. - @asakitmk
Mailed Flower's passive does not buff the hit or reaction that triggers it - @milktearomance
Portable Power Saw
Roused effect does not trigger without Stoic's Symbols. Eating food can add Stoic's Symbols. There is little to no cooldown between accumulation of stacks. - @milktearomance
Portable Power Saw passive procs on overhealing. - @shampoobrain
Losing Serpent Spine stacks has an ICD depending on the stack count
5-4: 1.01-1.02s (after you lose your 5th stack you cant lose the 4th stack for the duration)
Serpent Spine's damage taken increase affects shields.
The buff timer starts ticking and continues ticking whether the holder is on the field or not. However the character only gains a stack every 4 seconds if that character is on field.
The buff timer resets when you take damage that would cause you to lose a stack.
Interactions with specific characters can be found in the Vault Entry
The Bell's passive %Inc Damage works with any shield, and not just with the proc from the passive itself like the description suggests.
Tidal Shadow's passive can trigger on overheals
"Ultimate Overlord's Mega Magic Sword"
White Iron Greatsword
HP restored is affected by Healing Bonus and Incoming Healing Bonus
Old Merc's Pal
Attack Speed Buffs on Claymores
As of patch 2.5, Charged Attack speed buffs do not dynamically increase claymore Charged Attack speed, but do dynamically decrease it if duration ends during the attack.
Genshin Impact Fandom
Client and Server
High Ping Interactions
Numerous interactions/findings that happen with high ping, listed below.
Benny E reverse vape: Video
Number check: Video
Hutao N1 Melt: Video
Electro Charged: Video
Freeze and Shatter: Video
Superconduct: Video (Works on high latency)
Conclusion: Elemental reactions are updated on client, and Superconduct RES Shred still works in high latency.
No HP drain:
Xiao Q: Video
Hutao E: Video
Resistance to DMG beyond death: Video
Conclusion: Both player and enemy are granted immortality whilst under high ping but will be HP bar will be updated once switched back to normal latency. Damage can be dealt even when character is supposed to be dead. Therefore, HP is updated on the server.
Elemental Particles (Bennett E): Video
AA Energy gain: Video
Burst Gauge (Xiao Q): Video
Conclusions: Energy is not produced under high ping but will be generated when ping returns to normal. Elemental Particles are updated on server. However AA Energy source is not refunded when back to low latency. Also, Energy is not consumed when under high ping. Energy is updated on server.
Ruin guard AI: Video
Fatui Electro Hammer guy: Video
Ruin Hunter and boar: Video
Anemo cube: Video
Churl Grenadiers: Video
Extra note: When enemy is aggro-ed by player before high latency, it will remain aggressive. but when enemy is aggro-ed during high latency, it will remain passive for the duration of high latency state. Taunts will turn aggressive enemies to passive enemies under high latency.
Conclusion: AI gets skewered under high ping
DMG% buff (XL c6, a4 passive test): Video
ATK% buff (Benny Q): Video
Number check: Video
EM buff (Budget venti EM share): Video
CDR (Chongyun c2): Video
CRIT% buff (Hutao CRIT share): Video
ATK speed MV speed (Skyrider passive): Video
Hutao HP <50% bonus:
Hutao number check: Video
No 33% Pyro DMG bonus: Video
Conclusion: DMG%, ATK%, EM buffs are updated live unless they are linked to stats that arent updated on client ie: HP thresholds
Zhong Li shred in high ping vs low ping:
Number check: Video
High ping vid: Video
Number check: Video
High ping test: Video
Conclusion: Resistance shred is updated on client
Fall DMG: Video
Conclusion: Fall DMG is dealt under high ping
ICD, Elemental application
XQ E orbitals applying Hydro at an insane rate: Video
ICD for infusions (Keqing E infusion): Video
Conclusion: ICD behaves normally aside from a few exceptions, so far only XQ E seems to have a different application rate than usual.
Benny Q: Video (Benny Q ignores 70% healing restriction when under high latency)
Conclusion: Healing is inaccessible under high latency. Similar to HP being updated in server.
Diona shield: Video
Conclusion: Shields works normally under high ping
Infinite stamina: Video
Conclusion: Stamina is not consumed under high ping, nor will it regenerate. Stamina is updated in server.
Sacrificial weapons: Video
Favonius weapons: Video
Conditional weapon passives (L.Roar): Video
LR number check: Video
On-hit passive weapons:
Flute: Video (Musical notes were stacked because server got updated)
Conclusion: For conditional weapon passives, if condition is true, the passive will be added into the DMG calculation. On-hit passives cannot trigger, shares similar trait as sacrificial and favonius weapons. Aquila passive behaves differently.
Ganyu E: Video
Removing aggro: Video
Conclusion: Taunts behave normally under high latency
Zhongli E: Video
Conclusion: Geo Constructs HP are calculated on client side
Bad ping breaks some mechanics in game on the server side and it could be used for meme abyss runs or be used for bad players for comfier clears if they own Energy reliant characters like xiao or eula or CA spam carries like phys keqing.
Reactions are Client-side, Damage is Server-side
Reactions (and auras) are done client-side.
Damage and hit requires servers for them to work.
This applies to their respective triggers as well.
Client and Server
Many things are ping-dependent in this game, from testing we can deduce that certain things are updated client-side while others are updated server-side. The complete list of high ping interactions is documented below. See the Vault Entries for more details.
Elemental Reactions and Auras
All character stats except for HP (including buffs)
Consumption of Ningguang's Star Jades to produce projectiles.
Damage and hits
Character and enemy HP
All enemy stats
Elemental Particles and character Energy
Ningguang's Star Jade creation.
High Ping Interactions
Elemental Reactions still work, including the Resistance Shred from Superconduct.
Both player and enemy are granted immortality whilst under high ping but the HP bar will be updated once switched back to normal latency.
This can lead to Bennett's Burst ignoring the HP threshold or Albedo's A1 not benefitting from enemies being below 50% HP.
Energy is not produced under high ping but will be generated when ping returns to normal.
AA Energy source is not refunded when back to low latency.
Energy is not consumed when under high ping.
When enemy is aggro-ed by player before high latency, it will remain aggressive.
When enemy is aggro-ed during high latency, it will remain passive for the duration of high latency state.
Taunts will turn aggressive enemies to passive enemies under high latency.
Character stat buffs still update normally, unless they are related to other stats that are updated server side, such has Hutao's passive from being below 50% HP.
Resistance shred works.
Fall damage is dealt.
ICD behaves normally aside from a few exceptions, so far only the Rainswords from Xingqiu E have a different application rate than usual.
Healing is inaccessible during high latency. When returned to low latency, the healing will be applied, and healing like Bennett's Q will ignore the HP thresholds.
Character shields work normally under high latency.
Stamina is not consumed under high ping, nor will it regenerate.
For conditional weapon passives (Lion's Roar, Dragon's Bane), if condition is true, the passive will be added into the damage calculation.
On-hit passives (Flute), sacrificial/favonius weapons cannot trigger under high latency, but Aquila Favonia seems to still work.
Taunts behave normally under high latency.
Geo Constructs HP work normally.
An undefeated Champion Duelist. Sword in hand, she defends justice in the Court of Fontaine.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Charged Attack: 1U - Video
E, Q Explosion Damage and Leap Damage : 1U
A1 Sprout Damage : 1U - Video
E - No ICD - Video
Q - Explosion and Leap Damage share ICD - Video
Q - 7 hits/3s and 3.2s. - Video
E : Snapshots. - Video
Q : Snapshots on field creation.
A1 : Snapshots on Sprout creation. - Video
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Collei's Skill persists off-field. - Video
Collei's Floral Ring will track players wherever they go. If it is unable to return back to the player, it stops moving after about 8 seconds, then disappears from the field about 2 seconds later. - Video - milk tea
Collei's Skill hugs the ground and walls if it hits them and gets stuck in corners. - Rare
Ground - Video
Walls - Video
Getting Stuck - Video
Skill generates 3 Particles 100% of the time. - Video
Collei's Q has 12 instances of leap damage (without a4). - Video
A1: Floral Sidewinder
Collei A1 does 2 instances of damage, the first of which applies Dendro. - Video
Collei's E can trigger her own A1 if it triggers a reaction. - Video
Triggering A1 again resets the previous A1. - Video
C2: Through Hill and Copse
Collei's C2 doesn't proc if it is unable to return to the player, regardless of whether it reacts. - Video
C6: Forest of Falling Arrows
Collei C6 Is Not Skill Or Burst Dmg
Collei's C6 DMG is not considered Skill or Burst DMG
Skill Hits 1 & 2 - non-crit:
257.0% Total ATK 326.83 ( 100% + Total DMG Bonus 20% ) Enemy DEF Multiplier 50.7% ( 100% - Total Enemy Dendro DMG RES -10% / 2 ) = 536.31
C6 - crit:
200% Total ATK 326.83 ( 100% + Total Crit DMG 80.3% ) Enemy DEF Multiplier 50.7% ( 100% - Total Enemy Dendro DMG RES -10% / 2 ) = 626.99
Skill - non-crit:
189% Total ATK 235.73 Enemy DEF Multiplier 47.9% ( 100% - Total Enemy Dendro DMG RES 10% ) = 192.02
C6 - non-crit:
200% Total ATK 235.73 Enemy DEF Multiplier 47.9% ( 100% - Total Enemy Dendro DMG RES 10% ) = 203.19
These calcs assume Skill/Burst DMG% does not apply to C6, and they match the in-game numbers.
Collei C6 will not benefit from anything like Golden Troupe, Noblesse 2pc, Stringless, etc.
A trainee ranger active in Avidya Forest. Behind her enthusiastic words and actions hides a slightly introverted personality.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Collei's Skill persists off-field.
Collei's Floral Ring will track players wherever they go. If it is unable to return back to the player, it stops moving after about 8 seconds, then disappears from the field about 2 seconds later.
Collei's Q has 12 instances of leap damage(without a4).
A1 does 2 instances of damage, only the first applies Dendro.
Collei's E can trigger her own A1 if it triggers a reaction.
Triggering A1 again resets the previous A1.
C2 doesn't proc if it is unable to return to the player, regardless of whether it reacts.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
C6 is neither skill nor burst damage. Vault entry
Full Talent Values
Certain situations allow for characters to jump and land faster by colliding with something that stops them from moving upwards. Situations include overworld objects, certain enemies, and Geo MC and Zhongli constructs.
Dadaupa Soup: Imgur
Inactive Ruin Guard: Imgur
Slime balloon: Imgur
PMA (Perpetual Mechanical Array): Imgur
PMA stunned phase: Imgur
Ruin Defender: Imgur
Eye of the Storm: Imgur
Juggled Lawachurl in Co-op: Imgur
Geo MC Boulder: Imgur and Imgur
Zhongli pillar (credit to): Imgur
The number of frames saved depends on positioning, character, and move used, with Hu Tao CA in her infused state getting particularly fast cancels on certain enemies such as PMA.
Certainly possible for this to work on more enemies and objects.
Possible to cancel moves faster than dash or jump cancel in certain scenarios and setups, for a potential dps increase.
Certain situations can allow characters to jump and land faster by colliding with something that stops them from moving upwards.
These situations include overworld objects, certain enemies, and some Geo Constructs.
The number of frames saved by canceling depends on the character, positioning, and the move used.
Constructs and Summons
Construct Defensive Scaling
Finding: Confirming construct defensive stats(HP/DEF/DR/RES); All stats are taken at a 1:1 ratio (except Skills that state otherwise in description) and snapshot on cast.
The constructs tested:
Geo MC E
Video links and Geo MC/Zhongli/Albedo invisible number math fully compiled into the doc.
Significance: Better understanding of constructs and their scaling.
Geo Constructs Can't Handle Long Distance Relationships
Geo Constructs don't persist after teleporting to a certain distance.
This specific quality is exclusive to Geo Constructs and does not apply to Summons, as seen with Fischl's Oz and Xiangling's Guoba.
Zhongli's Stone Stele: video 1, video 2
Albedo's Solar Isotoma: video
GMC's meteorite: video
Ningguang's Jade Screen: video
Xiangling's Guoba: video
Fischl's Oz: video 1, video 2
Expansion in the understanding of Geo Construct mechanics.
Constructs and Summons
Certain Skills create objects that stay on the field, which are called constructs.
Geo Constructs are created by Geo characters, there is a maximum of three Geo Constructs on-field at once. The moment a fourth construct is created, the oldest construct placed will be destroyed. This occurs even if the fourth construct fails to be created due to invalid placement. There is one exception to the construct limit, which are the walls created by the Geo Traveler's Wake of Earth, they are still considered Geo Constructs yet do not count towards the construct limit.
There is also a distance limit, meaning when the player teleports too far away from a Geo Construct it will disappear. The exact distance is unknown, but from the Teleport Waypoint above Knights of Favonius HQ to the Teleport Waypoint in Cape Oath exceeds said limit.
Certain mobs, like Andrius, can turn a valid construct placement into an invalid one, destroying any existing constructs, now considered obstructed, in the process.
Constructs take damage when hit by enemies just like characters, unless it is specified in the Skill description the defensive stats will match the character using the Skill at a 1:1 ratio. There are also some that are considered invulnerable.
All temporary buffs are snapshotted when cast and will affect the construct for the entire duration.
List of Constructs and Characteristics
Geo: Construct towards Geo Constructs limit. See Geo Constructs.
Taunt: Construct continuously taunts nearby enemies into attacking it.
Light: Construct can be lifted by vacuums (such as Jean's Skill)
Climbable: Construct can be climbed by character.
Multi Charge Skills Snapshot CDR
Findings: Multi-charge Elemental Skills (C0/C1 Xiao, C1 Sucrose, ...) snapshot cooldown reduction at the time the Skill is cast, not the cooldown reduction at the time the next charge starts charging (or appears to from in-game UI). Additionally, held abilities (Jean E, Childe E, ...) use CDR at the time their cooldown starts, not on cast/hold start.
Testing with Xiao and Chongyun C2
CDR may be very beneficial for characters with multi-charge Skills.
Note: The snapshotting ultimately does not matter for static sources of CDR, from gear, resonance, etc. The added benefit for multi-charge Skills would be from on-demand sources like Chong, to be able to pop the CDR, blow your charges, and then not have to worry about the buff/field effect until your charges are back while retaining the reduced cooldown.
Sacrificial Passive With Multiple E Stacks
When a character with multiple charges of their Elemental Skill procs the sacrificial passive, the Elemental Skill cooldown shown on the timer is the cooldown that will be reset.
I cast one Sucrose E, waited until the first cooldown was down to 5s, and cast the second E. A reset occurred, and the time of the second cooldown was ~15s (minus 10% due to Anemo resonance in video). So, whatever timer is currently showing is the one which will be reset.
The same occurs for Ganyu C2 and Klee.
Any serial-cooldown, multi-cast Skill user may waste sacrificial procs by causing a reset when their first cooldown is near 0s. Since the timer on stacked Skills begins with the first Skill cast out of the stack, and that Skill is the one which is reset (not the longer, still waiting cooldowns), resets can be completely wasted on characters with multiple stacks. For example, with Sucrose it is possible to reset a Skill with 0.1s of cooldown remaining, then have a stack of 15s go onto cooldown afterward. To get the most out of the cooldown benefit of sacrificial weapons, characters with multiple stacks might consider using stacks as quickly as possible.
CD reduction double bursts
With sufficient CD reduction (Chongyun's ice field, Anemo resonance, and 20% Elemental Burst CD reduction from a spiral abyss card), some characters with deployable Bursts can have two Bursts on field simultaneously.
Video evidence and additional comments consolidated here (unsuccessful characters not included)
Documents which current characters are able to have a double Burst on field. Extra testing after Baal's release (in consideration of the CD reduction provided by C6) also confirms that the Burst talent configurations for these characters remain unchanged.
Cooldowns are the time between being able to cast Skills. This is calculated at the time of the Skill cast. Multi-charge Skills snapshot Cooldown Reduction at the time that the first charge goes on cooldown. This can effectively permanently maintain CDR for these abilities.<sup>1</sup>
Cooldown reduction is available in the form of either flat amounts or percentage reduction.
With sufficient Cooldown Reduction (Chongyun's Frost Field, Anemo Resonance, and 20% Elemental Burst Cooldown reduction from a Spiral Abyss card), some characters with deployable Elemental Bursts may have two Bursts on the field simultaneously.
List of Cooldown Reduction Sources
The herd consists of a particularly powerful Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap and Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap.
Coral Defenders have +20% RES to their own Element.
Cleansing Shower: Forms an orb within their mouth and launches it at the player. On hit, the orb deals minor AoE Cryo DMG or AoE Electro DMG and drains 30 Energy from the active character.
If the active character has less than 30 Energy, the rest of the drain is converted to True DMG which ignores shields.
The True DMG is not affected by DEF and RES.
Spike Field: One of the vishaps plugs its tail into the ground, creating a large field, within which ice shards or Electro Energy frequently spike from the ground at random locations, dealing Cryo DMG or Electro DMG.
In the Overworld, only one of them can use the Spike Field attack. The Bolteater Vishap will not use this attack until the Rimebiter Vishap reaches critical health.
In the Spiral Abyss they can do this attack at the same time.
Spinning Sweep: Curls up and quickly spins, dealing AoE Cryo DMG or AoE Electro DMG.
Leap: Leaps to reposition, dealing AoE Physical DMG upon landing.
Critical Assist: After Double Beams, the vishap at critical health jumps into nearby water and swims around the arena, and periodically launches waves of 3 shards that home towards the player, dealing Cryo DMG or Electro DMG on hit.
Muscular Hilichurls who wield large, two-handed axes..
Crackling Axe Mitachurl
Attacks with large strikes and uses Electro Slime to infuse their axes with Electro. They are very lethal. Axes forged from steel are excellent Electro-Charged Material. The image of those tall and strong Crackling Axe Mitachurls holding up their axes to summon thunder is quite majestic to the Hilichurls.
Slowly charges up a swing of its axe, followed up by a second slowly charged swing.
If the player can't be reached by other attacks, digs in the ground for a Electro slime to throw at the player.
Spins with the axe wildly, dealing rapid damage. If the axe is electrified it will deal Electro damage.
Performs a two-move dance with its axe to deal Electro damage on impact.
Raises its axe to summon a powerful lightning that will struck down the player. The lightning is so tremendous that it will shock the Mitachurl to the ground, stunning it briefly.
Signora, the Eighth of the Fatui Harbingers.
Crimson Witch of Flame
The crimson dawn was reflected in her pupils, and at last, she unfolded her flaming wings and flew towards the light.
"But that light is not the dawn, dear Rosalyne. That is a sea of flame that will consume everything."
A voice spoke to her amidst the light.
Yet it mattered not, for she knew in her heart that the flames had devoured her long ago.
Now assuming her erstwhile moniker, Signora utilizes Pyro-based attacks.
During this, Blazing Heat will accumulate rapidly. Once the gauge is full, the current player character will lose ~1% HP per second.
Eyes of Frost will be positioned at the edges of the arena to counter its effects.
When Signora sustains a single instance of DMG that exceeds 20% her Max HP, all DMG beyond that percentage will be nullified.
After this, Signora will launch a ferocious counterattack against active characters and unleash a wave of heat that will rapidly accumulate Blazing Heat.
All of her attacks will cause Embered Earth: the floor will become molten for a short period of time, dealing Pyro DMG per interval.
Moreover, her attacks will also amplify the accumulation of Blazing Heat should the player gets hit by them.
Uses a fiery whip to lash out the Traveler, dealing Pyro DMG. This attack comes in four variations:
A simple whip attack for close-range attack.
A two-lash combo with her whip.
A single strike in front of her.
A long-ranged attack which will leave out 3 flaming marks on the floor. The lashed-out floor will unleash fiery explosions as well.
Signora hurls a large rolling dark fireball against the Traveler. This is usually done as a follow up to either The Witch's Wrath or Hellfire Onslaught.
Teleports into a designated area to reposition herself.
Signora unfurls her wings and rains down waves of molten rocks, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Signora will unleash her wings to summon a flock of small hellfire butterflies in front of her.
Signora summons a Hellfire Butterfly that homes to the player character.
Signora spins herself to transform into a blazing tornado that moves around the arena.
The tornado will also unleash 4 mini-tornadoes around it.
At the end of the duration, Signora will spread her wings at the middle of the arena to unleash an intense heat along with another 4 mini-tornadoes, greatly accumulating the Blazing Heat status.
This attack is usually done when her HP is low.
She will spend a very very very long time being invulnerable in this attack.
NAs Inside Burst: 1U
Skill Outside Burst: 1U
Skill Inside Burst: 1U
A1 Duskbreaker Bolt: 1U
NAs Outside Burst: Standard
NAs Inside Burst: Standard
Skill Outside Burst: No ICD
Burst Skill and NA Have Separate ICD
Burst Skill and A1 Duskbreaker Bolts Have Separate ICD
Skill Outside Burst Doesn't Snapshot
NAs Inside Burst Don't Snapshot
Cyno's Elemental Skill generates 3 Particles outside Burst
Cyno's Elemental Skill generates 1-2 Particles inside Burst
Cyno Burst N5 Steering
Cyno's converted N5 can be manually steered mid-animation using direction keys, even when locked on to a target.
More control over N5.
Cyno Burst N3 and N5 Are Blunt
Cyno's N3 and N5 are blunt.
Shatter on N3 and N5
Cyno can mine for 80 Energy. Jokes aside it's decent against Geo shields.
A1: Featherfall Judgement
Cyno A1 DMG Buff Interaction With Duskstaler Bolts
Cyno A1 does not buff Duststalker Bolts.
Further understanding of Cyno's A1.
Interaction Between Cyno and Beidou While In Burst
Cyno can trigger Stormbreaker during his Burst.
Cyno-Beidou synergy is real.
The General Mahamatra in charge of supervising the researchers of the Akademiya. It is said that when he gets down to work, the General Mahamatra is even more efficient than the "Great Vayuvyastra" made by the Kshahrewar.
Cyno Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
N5 can be manually steered mid-animation using direction keys, even when locked on to a target.
N3 and N5 are blunt.
Cyno can trigger Stormbreaker with his converted attacks.
The buff does not apply to Duststalker Bolts.
Full Talent Values
Defense shred is hard capped at 90%
Defense shred caps at 90%.
Klee with Ayaka C4-Razor C4-Klee C2-Lisa A4
Barbara with Lisa A4
Barbara with Lisa A4-Razor C4
Barbara with Lisa A4-Razor C4-Ayaka C4
Expected vs actual damage from Barbara at various levels of DEF Shred
In game damage of 1442 for Barbara and 3389 for Klee matches up with calculated damage at 90% DEF Shred of 1443 for Barbara and 3391 for Klee, error within expected range due to stat page rounding. Proof of Klee
Can't go past 100% damage increase.
Damage Reduction Mechanics
The DMG Reduction stat is NOT its own multiplier. Instead, it reduces the DMG Bonus of incoming attacks.
We all know Kairagi in the aggro animation and Frostarm Lawachurls in their berserk state reduce the DMG Bonus of incoming attacks by 80%.
For example my Yelan with 0% Physical DMG Bonus and 46.6% Hydro DMG Bonus does 10798 Breakthrough Barb and 1247 Physical Aimed Shot normally, and while the Kairagi is in the aggro animation they do 4905 and 249 respectively, both having their DMG Bonuses reduced by 80%.
So having said the above, I went into the source code and found that both the Kairagi and the Frostarm Lawachurl have "ActorSubHurtDelta": 0.8 handling their DMG Reductions, which is the exact same as the DMG Reduction in Talents like Xingqiu's Skill, Beidou's Burst, etc. as shown in the screenshots.
So now we know that character DMG Reductions are the exact same thing as Kairagi/ice monkey DMG Reductions, which subtracts a fixed amount from the attacker's DMG Bonus instead of adding a separate multiplier. The reason why we mistakenly thought it added a separate multiplier was because enemies always have 0% DMG Bonus, and we didn't know that Kairagi/ice monkey actually had the same type of DMG Reduction.
In conclusion, the actual formula for DMG Reduction multiplier should be the one written here: Genshin Impact Fandom Wiki.
Corrects a huge mistake in our assumption of how DMG Reduction worked.
Also, with the real DMG Reduction formula, we know that the higher the attacker's DMG Bonus, the less effective DMG Reduction is, which might be helpful when fighting Frostarm Lawachurls. For example a Shim Hu Tao likely performs better than a Crimson Hu Tao, and an Electro cup Raiden likely performs better than an ATK cup Raiden. But of course it will vary by case. Although I guess we already knew this.
An explanation as to how outgoing damage is calculated.
General Formula for Damage
See the sections below for the breakdown of each individual part of the formula.
Additive Base DMG Sources
Arataki Itto's Bloodline of the Crimson Oni (A4)
Cyno's Authority Over the Nine Bows (A4)
Faruzan's Lost Wisdom of the Seven Caverns (A4)
Gorou's A Favor Repaid (A4)
Kuki Shinobu's Heart's Repose (A4)
Layla's Sweet Slumber Undisturbed (A4)
Sangonomiya Kokomi's Nereid's Ascension (Elemental Burst)
Sangonomiya Kokomi's Song of Pearls (A4)
Shenhe's Spring Spirit Summoning (Elemental Skill) Icy Quills
Thoma's Flaming Assault (A4)
Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner (Elemental Burst)
Yun Jin's Breaking Conventions (A4)
Zhongli's Dominance of Earth (A4)
Albedo's Opening of Phanerozoic (C2)
Hu Tao's Ominous Rainfall (C2)
Layla's Starry Illumination (C4)
Sayu's Sleep O'Clock (C6)
Wanderer's Shoban: Ostentatious Plumage (C1)
Cinnabar Spindle's Spotless Heart
Everlasting Moonglow's Byakuya Kougetsu
Hunter's Path's At the End of the Beast-Paths
Light of Foliar Incision's Whitemoon Bristle
Redhorn Stonethresher's Gokadaiou Otogibanashi
Echoes of an Offering's 4-Piece Set Bonus
DefReduction is hard capped at 90%
Defense Ignore Sources
Raiden Shogun's Steelbreaker (C2)
Yae Miko's Forbidden Art: Daisesshou (C6)
Defense Reduction Sources
Lisa's Static Electricity Field (A4): 15%
Kamisato Ayaka's Ebb and Flow (C4): 30%
Klee's Explosive Frags (C2): 23%
Nahida's The Root of All Fullness (C2): 30%
Razor's Bite (C4): 15%
Base DMG Multiplier
Unlike other bonuses, these are directly multiplicative with base Talent scaling. They can be considered a multiplier of the Talent motion value.
The damage dealt by weapon and ability procs when they trigger, such as Prototype Archaic or Xiangling's constellation 2. This is dealt as a separate instance of damage from the attack that triggered it.
To calculate this damage, substitute the proc percentage (e.g. 240% for Prototype Archaic R1) for Talent in the damage formula. Note that weapon proc effects always deal Physical damage, and are therefore affected by Physical damage bonuses and Physical resistance, even if an Elemental attack is used to trigger them.
Proc Damage Sources
Anemo Traveler's Slitting Wind (A1)
Chongyun's Ice Unleashed (C1)
Collei's Through Hill and Copse (C2)
Collei's Forest of Falling Arrows (C6)
Fischl's Stellar Predator (A1)
Fischl's Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex (A4)
Fischl's Gaze of the Deep (C1)
Fischl's Her Pilgrimage of Bleak (C4)
Fischl's Evernight Raven (C6)
Geo Traveler's Frenzied Rockslide (A4)
Kamisato Ayato's Boundless Origin (C6)
Razor's Lupus Fulguris (C6)
Tighnari's Karma Adjudged From the Leaden Fruit (C6)
Xiangling's Oil Meets Fire (C2)
The Viridescent Hunt
Eye of Perception
Any effect that scales off of a certain stat will not count any buffs that also scale themselves off of someone else's stat in their calculation.
"In order to avoid infinite stacking of in-game bonuses, when an effect confers one attribute as a certain percentage of another attribute, this effect will not then factor into calculations of other similar percentage-based effects." - HoYoverse
Examples of such buffs:
Sucrose's Mollis Favonius (A4): EM share
Kaedehara Kazuha's Poetics of Fuubutsu (A4): DMG% buff
Electro Traveler's Resounding Roar (A4): Energy Recharge buff
Frame data - Google Sheets - @rarepossum
Gauges - @emmaus
Skill cast - 1U - YouTube
Skill recast - 1U - YouTube
Skill tick - 1U - YouTube
Burst hits - 1U - YouTube
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum coordinated attacks snapshots on placement (Indomitable Flame). Ranging Flame also re-snapshots the Fiery Sanctum. - YouTube - @freenek
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum created by the end of her burst is re-snapshot - YouTube - @freenek
Burst - Dynamic - YouTube - @sqlwil
Dehya Burst Fists and Incineration Drive kick have different ICD, allowing them to double vape - YouTube - @rinastryder
Dehya's N3 does not knock back unlike what was advertised in the trailer, and so the combo weaves together properly - YouTube - @tfr
Dehya's Skill is not ping affected - YouTube - @rarepossum
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum appears immediately after hitting the slime, but the damage numbers take a lot longer to appear indicating it is not ping affected.
Dehya's coordinated attack from Fiery Sanctum is centered on enemy hitboxes and has a small AoE - Video 1 ,Video 2 - @itsjaeyou
Makes it difficult to play Burgeon against taller enemies.
Dehya only generates skill particles on Fiery Sanctum tick, not on cast/recast. Each tick will generate 1 Pyro energy particle. - YouTube - @emmaus
On-character shields mitigate Fiery Sanctum bleed damage. - @soulfish
Noelle A1: YouTube - @soulfish
The Bell: YouTube - @emmaus
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum mitigates True DMG. - YouTube - @freenek
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum damage mitigation does not mitigate corrosion. - YouTube - @freenek
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum is weightless, and hence doesn't work on pressure plates. - YouTube - @freenek
Dehya's Redmane damage is determined "dynamically" - @itsjaeyou , @aeveanleeow
Video 1 , Video 2 , Video 3
326 aligns with ((((2769/0.56) - 2769) - 3((1978/0.56) - 1978)/10) + ((1978/0.56) - 1978))/10
341 aligns with ((((2769/0.56) - 2769) - 2((1978/0.56) - 1978)/10) + ((1978/0.56) - 1978))/10
Follow-up Attacks from Dehyas Fiery Sanctum are capable of proccing Sacrificial Greatsword's passive. - YouTube - @bb63c
If Dehya jumps during her burst, the burst prematurely ends. - YouTube - @bobosawr
Teleporting during Dehya's burst doesn't prematurely end it. - YouTube - @cenpi
Dehya burst hits are heavy attacks and thus Shatter against frozen enemies. - Imgur - @darkdragon1174
Dehya's Burst attacks do not latch onto the overground hitbox of Azhdaha. It is presumed that its trying to hit the underground hitbox instead. - YouTube - @asakitmk , @freenek
Dehya's burst Fist phase can be skipped into Incineration Drive, by pressing Dash -> Jump. - YouTube - @zenjury
Dehya's burst early Incineration Drive tech places the Fiery Sanctum before the kick damage instance happens, this potentially leads to doing coordinated dmg with Incineration Drive DMG itself, unlike in regular case. This can be also done just after last punch done in her burst. - Video 1 , Video 2 - @freenek
A1: Unstinting Succor
Dehya A1 Not Working Bug
Dehya's Gold-Forged Form from her Ascension 1 passive sometimes does not work.
In this clip:
Dehya uses E and swaps (40.34)
Ayaka takes the field (40.35)
Ayaka is hit and staggered (40.45)
Ayaka registers HP damage (40.50)
Dehya A1 passive suggests that the Gold-Forged Form (infinite Interuption Resistance) state is party wide upon activation of E but this shows an incidence where this does not happen.
Another instance of the bug occuring: YouTube
Furthermore, based on these two control tests:
Video 1 , Video 2
We can observe that it should not be an issue of time after swap.
There is an unexplained bug with Dehya A1 Interruption Resistance where sometimes it does not work.
C2: The Sand-Blades Glittering
Dehya C2 will trigger from her own Redmane damage. Only 1 hit taken can keep uptime of C2's damage increase. - Video 1 , Video 2 - @rinastryder
Dehya burst does not reach the center of Venti burst. - Video 1 , Video 2 - @itsjaeyou
A member of the Eremites, a mercenary organization that roams the sands of Sumeru. Valiant and powerful, she enjoys great fame amongst her fellow Eremites.
Dehya Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Dehya's N3 does not knock back unlike what was advertised in the trailer, and so the combo weaves together properly.
Dehya's Skill is not ping affected.
Dehya's coordinated attack from Fiery Sanctum is centered on enemy hitboxes and has a small AoE.
Dehya only generates skill particles on Fiery Sanctum tick, not on cast/recast. Each tick will generate 1 Pyro energy particle.
On-character shields mitigate Fiery Sanctum bleed damage.
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum mitigates True DMG.
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum damage mitigation does not mitigate corrosion.
Dehya's Fiery Sanctum is weightless, hence doesn't work on pressure plates.
Dehya's Redmane damage is determined dynamically.
Follow-up Attacks from Dehyas Fiery Sanctum are capable of proccing Sacrificial Greatsword's passive.
If Dehya jumps during her burst, the burst prematurely ends.
Teleporting during Dehya's burst doesn't prematurely end it.
Dehya burst hits are heavy attacks and thus Shatter against frozen enemies.
Dehya's Burst attacks do not latch onto the overground hitbox of Azhdaha. It is presumed that its trying to hit the underground hitbox instead.
Dehya's burst Fist phase can be skipped into Incineration Drive, by pressing Dash -> Jump.
Dehya's burst early Incineration Drive tech places the Fiery Sanctum before the kick damage instance happens, this potentially leads to doing coordinated dmg with Incineration Drive DMG itself, unlike in regular case. This can be also done just after last punch done in her burst.
Dehya burst does not reach the center of Venti burst.
Dehya's Gold-Forged Form sometimes does not work.
Dehya C2 will trigger from her own Redmane damage. Only 1 hit taken can keep uptime of C2's damage increase.
Full Talent Values
"Childe" Tartaglia, Eleventh of the Fatui Harbingers.
Delusion Unleashed - Childe - Second form
He draws power from the ominous Delusion he possesses and fights using martial arts that he learned in a land of darkness. He is a pure warrior with an insatiable lust for battle. Each bloody conflict, each life-and-death struggle is a delightful trial to him. People say that the young Childe is famed throughout the land for his battle prowess. But he has never taken big talk of this kind to heart. After all..."You shall ever be the eye of the storm,"And the clashing of steel shall ever accompany you."The pitch-black memory of stepping into uttermost darkness,"Shall, at last, become the strength by which you will overturn this world."
All RES -50% while stunned.
Upon transitioning to this phase, Childe will dash to the center of the arena, causing a large Hydro AoE knock-back at the center of the arena that does not deal damage.
Any attack that hits the player will leave a Riptide mark.
Attacks that hit characters already marked by Riptide will deal additional AoE Electro DMG.
The mark can be removed by touching the arena's barrier to trigger an Overloaded reaction. This reaction does not deal damage to the character but may cause the character to be knocked back.
The mark can also be removed with characters that apply certain elements to themselves or other characters
The mark will persist even if you switch characters.
Creates an Electro shield that blocks a certain amount of damage.
If the player attacks Tartaglia enough while his shield is up, he will attack the player with a quick counter attack slash.
Shoots out a huge Electro energy blast in front of him that deals very high damage.
This triggers if Childe gets hit by any Electro attacks while his Electro Shield is up.
Performs one charged slash attack forward.
Unleashes energy deep within, creating a domain of Electro energy that deals a moderate amount of Electro DMG around him.
Performs 2 consecutive attacks forward.
Slides quickly to any point of the arena, dealing Electro DMG in his wake, and performs a cross slash at the destination point.
Slides quickly to any point of the arena, dealing Electro DMG in his wake, and performs 5 consecutive strike at the destination point (slash, slash, slash, thrust, spinning slash).
The fourth attack has further attack range.
Performs a five attack combo (slash, slash, dual slash, lance throw, spinning slash).
The lance throw and spinning slash are AoEs.
Performs a slash with a large AoE, dealing a moderate amount of Electro DMG in a 180 arc towards the player.
Childe performs 2 to 5 consecutive dash attacks, dealing Electro DMG in his wake.
Marks the player with a circle of black lightning. Charges for a while, then leaps and instantly strikes at the player current location, dealing massive amount of Electro DMG around the landing point.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with riptide.
Upon depleting Childe's health bar, a cutscene will play for the third form transition.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Searing Onslaught Extension via Freeze
Getting Frozen mid Searing Onslaught 2 will allow you to extend the Skill. This allows you to use the Skill multiple times for one rotation.
Diluc is Frozen mid Searing Onslaught 2 and the Skill is changed to Searing Onslaught 3. However, he is still able to recast Searing Onslaught 2 multiple times after getting out of the Freeze. I could not get this to replicate for Searing Onslaught 1 and 3.
Other testing was done with other characters with multi-use Skills and none of them have been able to reuse their Skills out of Freeze. This is likely due to how Diluc's Searing Onslaught does not have extra charges and does not have a reset mechanic (i.e. xiao or ningguang)
When running Barbara or Xingqiu, self Freeze can be an upside in certain situations (i.e. waiting for XQ's Q to come off CD or regain Energy) allowing you to get bonus damage off for free if done correctly.
Diluc Burst ICD
Diluc's Elemental Burst follows a 5-hit rule on Elemental application rather than the standard 3-hit rule.
The vape damage potential of Diluc's Burst is lower than one might expect based on the usual 3-hit rule of Elemental application. In the above clip, the last hit with higher MV would have also vaped if the 3-hit rule were followed, but instead, only the 1st and 6th hit were vaped. On the other hand, due to the nature of Diluc's Burst and how it often does not get its maximum hits anyway, the silver lining is that the longer ICD makes it less likely to result in an unwanted Pyro aura.
Diluc Q initial hit is 2U
Diluc Q initial hit is 2U
The initial hit also completely eats up the Hydro aura from Xingqiu, so Q > N1 > E at the start does not consistently vape anymore.
Initial hit applies 2U
Imgur - 12s before Pyro aura decayed for Q initial hit, 9.5s for E
Q > N1 > E not working
Q > N2 > E instead - working
Footage from March recorded by DilucMains also shows that the Q Burst removed Hydro completely aswell, so it always has been 2U and not a recent change.
Q > N1 (cancel hit) > E > N2 > E...
Their combo instead has them start the NA animation then cancel it with E, so it still procs Xingqiu's blades without applying Pyro and allows them to vape the rest of their combo
Better Diluc rotation.
A4: Blessing of the Phoenix
Diluc Burst Damage Benefits from A4
Diluc's Burst damage will benefit from his A4 talent, Blessing of the Phoenix, which grants Pyro DMG% for the duration of the Pyro infusion granted by his Burst.
Diluc has 443 Attack, Level 8 Dawn has 326.40% Slashing Damage
Damage in game = 1159, which is within rounding error.
More damage for Diloog.
C2: Searing Ember
Diluc C2 Triggers While Shielded
Contrary to the description, Diluc C2 triggers on hit rather than on taking damage. As such, getting hit while shielded can also stack up the C2.
Shielders still work with Diluc at C2+. Don't always believe what's written in the ability.
The tycoon of a winery empire in Mondstadt, unmatched in every possible way.
Diluc: The Dark Side of the Dawn (In-Depth Written Guide)
3 Minute Guide to Diluc
Diluc Mains Discord
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The cooldown starts after the first cast.
Each cast adds a stack to the 4-Piece Crimson Witch of Flames artifact set.
When Searing Onslaught hits a Frozen target, it will Shatter before reacting with any underlying auras.
Getting Frozen in the middle of Searing Onslaught's second attack's animation allows for the Skill to be briefly recasted when unfrozen.
The ICD for Dawn is shared between Slashing DMG, DoT DMG, and Explosions DMG.
The Pyro DMG Bonus is also applied to Dawn's Slashing, DoT, and Explosion DMG.
This effect can be stacked while shielded because it's triggered on hit and not on damage.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Non-charged Aimed Shots share Elemental application ICD with Charged Aimed Shots, despite not having an Element themselves
For Diona, who's charged shot ICD is higher than the time it takes to fire a second charged shot, this prevents Elemental reactions or aura application from occurring on a fully charged shot if you fire a normal aimed shot by accident before it, if the ICD was not active yet.
Diona Dash Aim Cancel
Diona can cancel her dash early with Aim Toggle (R on PC, L2 on controller).
With C4: Imgur
Diona can dash aim cancel after doing one of the following actions after switching in:
Enter Aim Mode
Normal or Charged Attack (can cancel it before the attack comes out)
Hold Skill (Tap Skill does not work)
Diona can then dash aim cancel all of her dashes, until she switches out, does Tap Skill, or does ARCC, after which she must do one of the above actions again to do dash aim cancel:
Very fast way to shoot CAs with Diona while still retaining the ability to aim (since ARCC cannot be aimed)
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Diona Elemental Skill ICD analysis
The first 2 (tap) and last 3 (hold) projectiles of Diona's Elemental Skill have separate Element application cooldowns.
After applying a strong fire aura (Bennett E), I applied a Cryo trigger from Diona's E.
Tested waiting between Bennett's E and Diona's E to downgrade the fire Element strength.
Bennett E + (no wait) + Diona E (tap) = 1 Melt reaction + weak Pyro aura remaining on enemy.
Bennett E + (no wait) + Diona E (hold) = 2 Melt reactions + no Element remaining on the enemy.
Bennett E + (wait 5+ seconds) + Diona E (tap) = 1 Melt reaction + no Element remaining on the enemy.
Bennett E + (wait 5+ seconds) + Diona E (hold) = 1 Melt reaction + Cryo aura remaining on the enemy.
Bug: Diona's shield is 2U under specific circumstances that are guaranteed on swap
YouTube (Level 3 Domain at end of video)
Diona's shield was most likely meant to be 1U like every other self-aura in the game. miHoYo may have implemented a failsafe for Diona's e missing that forms a shield anyway, and this redundant shield ALSO applies 1U and can appear even if her e does connect functionally making it a 2U application and the largest self aura in the game. The fact that it is strangely particular in when and how it applies the 2U instead of 1U makes it more likely that the scenario where you get 1U of Cryo instead is intended instead of the other way around.
Hopefully, miHoYo just makes her shield more consistent when it comes to cleansing herself in a future patch, but the workaround from the below video can be used to cleanse the team with 1 less swap in the meantime. My speculation as to WHY this happens has to do with some observations and ideas about how shields work in general.
When a character swaps, the whole character gets entirely removed from play and then replaced with the new one and it SEEMS that it keeps the same shield. But if we make a certain assumption that shields function like buffs, then some things start to make sense. For example, because shield effectiveness is a statistic, moving the same exact shield across characters wouldn't be correct as we know that shields have different values across characters with different shield effectiveness.
To solve this they save the base shield value, remaining shield, and duration and apply these characteristics to the new shield upon character swap. The old shield then ceases to exist under normal circumstances and a new shield is immediately created using the saved characteristics on the new character adjusted for shield efficiency. Since Diona's shield ALSO applies Cryo to the character they would also need to apply Cryo to the character and this is where things might be going wrong in between shields, the method that they are using to apply the Cryo may linger for too long across swaps and apply to the new unit on top of the normal shield that they generate.
I'm not 100% certain it works this way, but Noelle had a similar bug that leads me to believe shields work like this. In the Noelle video below, under the above theory, the shield is just breaking instead of ceasing to exist on swap like it is supposed to, and the timing for the glitch being identical to the current subject raises my eyebrows.
Unfortunately, this comparison has some issues such as Diona shield not caring about ping and the above theory failing to explain how the first shield could apply 2U. I have no idea at this time how to construct an experiment that would prove definitively that this is how shields actually work and is honestly outside the scope of this entry, but these two bugs are suspicious in their shared timings and could be worth scrutinizing.
Note: Diona cleansing Pyro aura is inconsistent and can be 1U, 1.5U or 2U depending on the aura also it does not apply 2U to Diona herself until the second swap.
Diona's Shield Deep-Dive
Finding: Detailed description and rundown of Diona's Icy Paws Shield. Which includes...
DMG absorption mechanics
sacrificial bow stacking potential
infinity shield strategy
Noted especially with how Diona shield works with Sacrificial Bow.
Understand the full mechanics about the Diona's shield maximum uptime and durability carry over.
Icy Paws despawn after a certain amount of time if they do not hit a target
Finding: Diona's Skill Icy Paws do not form a shield if all Icy Paws despawn before hitting something.
1 Icy Paw hit generates 2.4s shield: YouTube
0 Icy Paws hit generate no shield: YouTube
Icy Paws revolve around a non-activated Ruin Guard until they eventually despawn and no shield is formed: YouTube
At least 1 Icy Paw must hit something for a shield to form. Situations where Icy Paws might despawn before hitting something include:
Standing on a cliff with no ground below
Targeting an enemy without ever hitting it, including non-activated Ruin Guards
Dionas Paws Home on Entities That Are Not Enemies
Diona's paws can home on some entities that are not enemies.
Who needs to snipe birds when you have heat-seeking missiles?
Diona's Paws Don't Work Next to a Wall
Diona's paws appear behind Diona and then move forward during hold E. In the following clip the paws appear behind Diona inside the wall and explode before being able to travel forwards. Since no enemies got hit, no DMG got dealt and no Particles were generated, however she still gets her shield up.
Don't fire Diona's paws when there is a wall behind you.
Diona Field Characteristics
The Elemental Mastery bonus from Diona C6 will apply immediately on swap and linger for 2 seconds.
The healing pulse is separate from the buffs granted by Diona Burst.
Diona Has Finite Vertical Range for Burst Healing
Diona's Elemental Burst has a finite vertical range of healing, in contrast to known fields that have infinite vertical range (e.g., Bennett).
Diona's Burst not healing compared to Bennett's Burst that will heal (in coop): YouTube
Diona's Burst does not heal when the Burst AoE is far below the character: YouTube
Diona's Burst does not heal when Burst AoE is above the character, unlike Bennett's Burst: YouTube
Diona's Burst does heal above its visual AoE within a vertical range slightly shorter than the height of the Shrines of Depths: YouTube
Diona's Burst does heal below its visual AoE within a small vertical range: YouTube
Diona's Burst may not heal Xiao in his Burst because his jumping height is higher than Diona's Burst vertical range: Imgur
Diona's Burst healing has a limited range in contrast to all other known healing fields that have infinite vertical range.
This has implications against Xiao (or for Xiao with Staff of Homa) because the height limit is lower than Xiao's jump height.
Diona's Burst Position Snapshot
Dionas Burst snapshots position on cast, so if a enemy moves after you cast her Burst, it will go to the position of where the enemy was as you casted and miss.
Video (credit to)
If you cast her Burst on a moving enemy you will miss, it could be good for long-ranged characters, bad for melee ones.
A1: Cat's Tail Secret Menu
Diona's Stamina Reduction Stacks With Other Sources
Diona's stamina reduction stacks with other sources.
Kazuha's sprinting stamina reduction - credit to
Amber's gliding stamina reduction - credit to
Beidou's swimming stamina reduction - credit to
Anemo Resonance - credit to
Previously, such effects didn't stack, but around patch 2.0 miHoYo changed it so that they do stack. Mostly fluff.
C1: A Lingering Flavor
Diona C1 Range and Q Duration
While doing tests for another ticket, I accidentally found out that Diona's C1 seems to have no range limit, I went to test it out and found out that it seemingly indeed have infinite range when on the same map, when teleporting to a different map such as Enkanomiya or Teapot, however, the C1 fails to proc, as can be seen in the evidence 2-5, where Diona does not gain the Energy from C1.
Diona Q Duration:
We can also see that Diona's Q, Signature Mix, field duration starts when the paws disappear from the field, which in my tests happen at around ~17.5s timer on the Burst cooldown, this checks out due to the field having a 12s duration and Diona gaining the 15 Energy from her C1 at around ~5.5s timer on the Burst cooldown, 17.5 - 5.5 = 12.
Teyvat to Teyvat
Teyvat to Enkanomiya
Enkanomiya to Teyvat
Teyvat to Teapot
Teapot to Teyvat (credits to)
Logging out test
More understanding of Diona's kit.
Diona Sacrificial Proc Inconsistency
Sacrificial Bow procs on Diona's hold E do not match the theoretical chances, the reason for this is currently not known, the scope of this entry is specifically to identify and document this.
92/100 R2 hold E in Abyss (theoretical 96.875%)
93/100 R2 hold E in Abyss
95/100 R2 hold E in Abyss
93/100 R2 hold E in Abyss
94/100 R3 hold E in Abyss (theoretical 98.976%) first 50 runs only, but it's 47/50 so same percentage at least: YouTube
92/100 R3 hold E on Pyro Regisvine
78/100 R1 hold E (from friend) in Abyss (theoretical 92.224%)
280/300 R3 hold E in Abyss YouTube
49/50 R1 fav bow in Abyss, 89.4% CRIT Rate (theoretical 97.859% from's math) YouTube
87/100 R3 in Abyss (theoretical 84%)
42/50 R2 5 enemies hit in Abyss from pai (theoretical 96.875%) YouTube
97/100 R3 5 enemies hit in abyss (theoretical 98.976%)
47/50 R3 in Abyss (theoretical 93.6%) YouTube
49/50 R3 4-5 enemies hit in Abyss (theoretical between 97.44% and 98/976%) YouTube
To find out why diona is not proccing Sacrificial Bow correctly, both Sac and Fav Bow were tested on Diona to ensure that it was simply not Diona's Hold E being weird in general, Sac weapons were tested on hitting multiple enemies to see if it triggered correctly, Sac Sword was tested on hitting one enemy multiple times with the same Skill (EMC E) to see if it triggered correctly, and Sac Bow specifically was tested on hitting multiple enemies to see if it triggered correctly.
The results of the testing shows that everything works pretty much as expected except Diona's Hold E on Sac Bow. While we currently do not know the source of this anomaly, the scope of this entry is to record and document its existence. Since Diona as a battery sometimes uses Sac Bow, knowing she doesn't proc it as well as math dictates means Energy calculations with Sac Bow should change to reflect that she doesn't follow standard math.
A young lady who has inherited trace amounts of non-human blood. She is the incredibly popular bartender of the Cat's Tail tavern.
Full Diona Guide
4 Minute Video Guide to Diona
Icy Paws Deep Dive
Icy Paws Sacrificial Bow vs Favonius Bow - Energy Gen & Field Time Efficiency
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Diona's Fully Charged shots follow a 3 hit/2.5s ICD.
Diona can cancel her dash early with Aim Toggle. Thus allows her to do quick Charged Attack while still retaining the ability to aim, unlike ARCC which cannot be aimed.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Applies a 1U Cryo Aura for a short duration upon formation and upon swap to a different active character.
In specific circumstances, Diona's shield will apply 2U of Cryo on swap.
For more details see the full entry in Diona's Evidence Vault.
Icy Paws will not generate a shield if they do not hit something. They will also despawn after a certain amount of time.
Icy Paws will home on some entities that are not enemies, such as birds in the overworld.
Icy Paws appear behind Diona and then move forward during hold E, causing it to hit walls when being used in front of a wall.
A deep-dive into how Icy paws work can be found here
C6 buff applies on swap.
Her field shares an ICD with the initial hit.
Drunken Mist AoE has a finite vertical range. Characters above or below this vertical range will not receive healing.
Drunken Mist targets an enemy and snapshots the position on cast.
Drunken Mist duration starts when the paws disappear from the field, which is about when the Burst CD reaches ~17.5s.
This can stack with other forms of stamina reduction as long as they are not the exact same.
This effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
There is no range limit as long as Diona is on the same map.
This DMG increase is Additive.
The Elemental Mastery bonus will apply immediately on swap and linger for 2 seconds.
Full Talent Values
After-Sales Service Round: 1U
Self-application: 1U - Video
Cast: 3-hit/2.5s (shared with After-Sales Service Rounds) - Video 1, Video 2
After-Sales Service Round: 3-hit/2.5s (shared with cast) - Video 1, Video 2
Self-application: 3s - Imgur
Connector: 3s - Video - milk tea
Q: Snapshot - Gallery
Frame data - Google Sheets
Dori's E Troubleshooter Shot and the After-Sales Service Rounds (including the additional round from C1) share ICD.
Video (initial shot and 3rd after-sales service round trigger Aggravate)
Video (initial shot misses, and only the 1st after-sales service round triggers Aggravate)
Contrary to her Skill talent description, Dori's E Troubleshooter Shot does not have to hit an enemy to trigger the After-Sales Service Rounds.
Dori's self application is unlike any other we've had before. Other characters' self applications have always been self auras that don't have aura tax and have a set duration, but Dori's is a legit Elemental attack, which means it has aura tax and uses standard decay rate. It also applies the Electro aura visual effect around the character which doesn't happen with other self auras.
Dori's Burst tether connects to and applies to all nearby players in multiplayer
A4: Compound Interest
Dori's A4 counts every point of Energy Recharge, not just increments of 100%. - milk tea
100% ER, before collecting Particles
192% ER, before collecting Particles
C2: Special Franchise
Dori's C2 ICD is every 2 heal ticks. This will add 3 more reactions to a Burst duration, potentially more when there are multiple enemies. Doesn't share ICD with Burst.
Dori's C2 is not Burst damage.
Video with Raiden
Video without Raiden
Dori's Q self Electro application can proc Thoma C1, Diluc C2 and Beidou C4. This is once again due to her self application being special.
An elusive merchant who has a fondness for glittering Mora.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Dori's E Troubleshooter Shot and the After-Sales Service Rounds (including the additional round from C1) share ICD.
Contrary to her Skill talent description, Dori's E Troubleshooter Shot does not have to hit an enemy to trigger the After-Sales Service Rounds.
Dori's Burst tether connects to and applies to all nearby players in multiplayer
Dori's A4 directly scales with Energy Recharge, and does not require increments of 100% to increase the amount of Energy restored.
C2 and Burst ICD are separate
C2 is not Burst damage
Full Talent Values
Charged Arrow Absorption Mechanics
Finding: Charged arrows can cause Elemental absorption by hitting the 'core' of applicable Anemo abilities. This works for Pyro, Electro, Hydro, but not Cryo.
Venti Pyro absorption: Video
Venti Electro absorption: Video
Venti Hydro absorption: Video
Venti failed Cryo absorption: Video
Sucrose Pyro absorption: Video
Sucrose Electro absorption: Video
Sucrose Hydro absorption: Video
Sucrose failed Cryo absorption: Video
Expands understanding of Elemental absorption.
Provides further evidence that Cryo is unique in its infusion mechanics.
Introduces a new method to control absorption that does not depend on enemies, which could be useful in situations where enemies carry an innate aura undesired for absorption.
Absorption Priority Correction
Theory: Anemo Absorption priority is dependent only on the type of Element. Abilities with absorption fit into two priority orders:
Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro
Members: AMC E and Q
Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
Venti Q, Sucrose Q
These will be followed regardless of gauge strength, proximity (as long as they are in absorption range), and the holder of the aura (environment, enemy, or player)
The two above priority orders are given in data for each respective ability:
Has been lost to the sands of time
Existing theory (in TCL) has Element type acting as a tie breaker and gauge strength acting as the dominant factor in determining absorption.
This is refuted by the video below showing AMC E Cryo > Pyro > Electro priority:
Clearly for AMC E, 1U Pyro has priority over 4U Electro.
To eliminate the possibility of AMC E absorption preferring the Element on the player rather than on an enemy a test of 1U Cryo vs 1U Pyro is also performed, in which the ability absorbs the 1U Cryo from the Ruin Guard rather than the fresher 1U Pyro.
AMC E priority for Pyro > Hydro:
Hydro > Electro:
Experimental verification of AMC Q priority for Cryo > Pyro > Electro:
Experimental verification of Sucrose Q priority for Pyro > Electro:
Pyro > Hydro:
These tests were repeated many times, the most clean of which are presented in the videos above. The only tests that were omitted were due to the positioning of her Q not allowing both the Electro and Pyro to be within infusion range. This range is known to be particularly finicky with Sucrose. A test case in which the Burst is a little to far away from the player with the Pyro aura is included at the end of the first video. Out of the batch of omitted tests, this last case was the one in which the ability was closest to the player. All other omitted tests were further from the Pyro or Electro aura.
Experimental verification of Venti Q priority for Pyro > Electro:
Note: These test was performed in Co-op as Venti's Q first infusion tick resolves before the player that fired it can get into the absorption range. In order to show that this method is conclusive the reverse case of the other player carrying Electro and the Ruin Guard carrying 2U Pyro is included below:
Electro > Cryo:
Hydro > Electro:
Ayzel's submission regarding absorption always prioritizing Hydro in Electro-Charged situations can be explained by this model as Hydro is higher in priority than Electro for both orders.
Credit is given to for bringing forth the evidence of absorption priority and helping me understand it, and for enabling the Co-op tests.
Understanding how Elemental infusion operates allows for more extensive use of the mechanic for setting up reactions and breaking shields. It is now known that we can rely on the game data to determine the priority of new absorption abilities rather than test each one.
Absorption Aura Check Inflicts Self Damage
Finding: When Anemo abilities with Elemental absorption check self aura on the active characters, it inflicts 0 damage to them. This can trigger some passive talents that activate on hit. However, they will stop hitting allies after absorbing any Element.
Venti Q triggering Beidou C4: Video
Sucrose Q triggering Beidou C4: Video
Kazuha Q triggering Beidou C4: Video
Sucrose Q triggering Zhongli A1: Video
Sucrose Q triggering Diluc C2: Video
Kazuha Q not triggering Beidou C4 after Absorption: Video
Venti and Sucrose not triggering Beidou C4 after Absorption: Video
Some characters with passives that trigger on-hit have potential to take advantage of this interaction.
This may be used to further investigate the properties of Elemental absorption (e.g., finding the tick rate of the aura check).
Aura Check Properties
Aura-checks are zero-damage attacks produced by Anemo Absorption attacks to check for Auras.
Aura-checks have different verticalities to their original attack, have set frequencies which differ per Skill/Burst and explains how the Venti bug functions.
This ticket explores the interesting properties that aura-checks have.
1: Aura-checks will only happen if the attack has the ability to absorb elements, with the exception of the Anemo Traveler's Tap Elemental Skill, which triggers two aura-checks right after the final blast happens, despite not having Elemental Absorption. This is thought to be due to its transition into the Hold version of the Skill, which does have Elemental Absorption.
Stats before final blast, 0% Shield Strength
Stats after final blast, 10% Shield Strength
1U: Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill (Tap) will only trigger one aura-check instead of two if an Element is encountered. However, it will not deal absorbed Elemental damage regardless.
Stats after final blast, 5% Shield Strength
1B: If the Elemental Skill is missing an ascension talent which allows it to absorb elements, as in the case of Kazuha's Elemental Skill, Chihayaburu, it will fail to trigger any aura-checks.
Level 1 Kazuha, has 0% Shield Strength after Skill and Plunge
2: Aura-checks will trigger intermittently at a rapid rate for DoT Elemental Skills/Bursts with Elemental Absorption properties.
Sucrose's Elemental Burst
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Burst
Venti's Elemental Burst
Sayu's Elemental Skill(Hold)
Kazuha's Elemental Burst
2A: Aura-checks trigger at a constant rate for all DoT Elemental Absorption Skills/Bursts at once per 0.3 seconds(18 frames), with two exceptions being Anemo Traveler's and Sayu's Elemental Skills(Hold), which triggers at a rate of once per 0.2 seconds(12 frames).
Anemo Traveler Hold Skill
2U: Aura-checks will always trigger/hit once regardless of if the user has an Aura to immediately absorb.
Kazuha's Elemental Burst
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill(Tap)
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill(Hold)
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Burst
Venti's Elemental Burst
Sayu's Elemental Skill(Tap version does not aura-check)
Sucrose's Elemental Burst
3: Aura-checks appear to ignore immunity frames.
Zhongli Shield, Venti Burst, and Bennett Burst
4: Aura-checks can also hit trees. When they hit Cuihua trees, they can make one more fruit drop in addition to the normal amount.
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill(Tap) with an Element on a tree without the blast hitting the tree by itself
Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill(Tap) without any elements
Kazuha's Elemental Skill(Tap) with A1
Kazuha's Elemental Skill(Hold) with A1
Kazuha's Elemental Skill(Tap) without A1
Kazuha's Elemental Skill(Hold) without A1
5: Despite Venti's Elemental Burst always performing Elemental Absorption later than expected, it actually starts aura-checking right at the start.
Venti's Elemental Burst
5A: Those early aura-checks are non-functional.
Venti Burst does not absorb Cryo from Diona at the start of the Burst
5B: Venti's Elemental Burst aura-checks for several seconds after it has visually ended, due to what appears to be a bug.
Venti Burst and Ningguang Skill
Bug entry in TCL
Further insight into the mechanics of Elemental Absorption via Aura-checks, how they work, their effects on certain objects and mechanics, the irregularities among Elemental Absorption Skills/Bursts, and some insight into the workings of Venti's late absorption bug.
Aura-Checks Can Hit Cats
Aura-checks can hit cats.
Haha funni flying cat. Fluff.
Elemental Absorption is the capability of certain Anemo abilities to be infused with either Hydro, Pyro, Cyro, or Electro. Such abilities can only be infused once with a single Element per use, and will deal damage of that type periodically throughout the ability's duration.
Absorption is not yet fully understood, and some of its details specifically around its inconsistency in triggering are still being investigated. A full list of sources which can act as triggers for Absorption has yet to be created.
So far it is understood that Anemo abilities with Absorption will always absorb from direct contact with:
Hydro, Pyro, Cyro, and Electro auras on objects, enemies, and players
Environmental effects that inflict the above elements
Hydro, Pyro, and Electro but not Cryo charged arrows
This means that it is insufficient to simply attack the Anemo ability with an Elemental Skill or infused weapon. If the Skill has the capability to infuse the character with an absorbable Element, then the character can then touch the ability to trigger absorption, or alternatively an enemy can be used as a carrier. The character touching the ability prior to Absorption can also trigger some on-hit-taken effects.
When there are multiple elements in range of the Anemo ability it will absorb according to Elemental priority only. This priority is different between abilities and is either one of two orders:
Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro
Anemo Traveler Skill
Anemo Traveler Burst
Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
Aura-checks are zero-damage attacks produced by Anemo Absorption attacks to check for Auras.
Aura-checks have different verticalities to their original attack, have set frequencies which differ per Skill/burst, and can trigger some passive talents that activate on hit.
Aura-checks can hit cats.
For more information about their properties, see the Vault Entry.
Elemental Gauge Theory
Concept of Elemental Sources, Auras, Triggers, Cooldowns and Reductions
Using elements to cause reactions are a key cornerstone of Genshin Impact. To optimise your damage and teambuilding, you must understand the precise mechanics behind how elements are applied, react together, and persist. Lets first define some key terms.
An Element-imbued attack or Skill that will apply an Element on the enemy (visible under their HP bar).
Depending on the enemys Elemental status, the Elemental source will act as an aura or a trigger.
If an enemy is currently not affected by any Element, the next Elemental source will apply an Elemental aura onto the enemy.
For example, using Keqings E on an enemy will apply an Electro aura.
This Elemental aura can be visualised as an invisible gauge that decays over time or is consumed with reactions. Once this gauge runs out, the aura disappears.
Innate Elemental enemies such as slimes will have a permanent Elemental aura.
For example, Cryoslimes have a permanent Cryo aura.
If an enemy has an existing Element aura, the next Elemental source will act as an Elemental trigger for a reaction.
For example, against a Cryoslime with permanent Cryo aura, Xianglings Guoba acts as a Pyro trigger for Melt.
For example, against an enemy with Pyro aura, Keqings Electro-imbued attacks act as an Electro trigger for Overload.
Internal Cooldowns (ICD)
A hidden timer which occurs when an Elemental source applies an Elemental aura or trigger to an enemy. During this cooldown, the source cannot apply any further instances of Elemental aura or trigger.
During this ICD, repeated use of that specific Elemental source WILL apply Elemental damage, but WILL NOT apply Elemental aura/trigger.
For example, when Diluc uses Q and has Pyro-imbued autoattacks and performs a normal attack combo on a single enemy, not every autoattack will actually apply a Pyro aura/trigger EVEN though these attacks all deal Pyro damage. Only the 1st and 4th autoattacks will actually apply the Pyro Element even though all 4 hits deal Pyro damage.
An Elemental E/Q does not necessarily have 1 ICD. It is possible to have multiple unique Elemental sources within a single Skill/burst.
For example, Fischls Oz will periodically attack with Electro-imbued attacks. Only Ozs 1st, 5th, 7th and 11th hits apply an Electro Elemental status.
Hits 1-6 share an ICD. Hits 7-11 are considered a separate Elemental source and have their own shared ICD. Therefore, a single Oz cast has 2 unique Elemental sources and has 2 ICDs.
This is the reason why Oz does not trigger Overload every single time he hits a Pyroslime even though he is dealing Electro damage each time.
For example, Dilucs E can be cast 3 times. Each cast is considered a unique Pyro source and as such, they do not share an ICD. This means that you can trigger 3 consecutive Overloads against an innate Electro enemy such as the Electro Hypostasis.
It is important to remember that this ICD applies for both auras and triggers.
ICDs are not shared across different enemies.
For example, if against 2 hilichurls, Ozs first hit on the left hilichurl will apply Electro aura and if the second hit is directed on the right hilichurl, it will also apply Electro aura.
As mentioned above, any Elemental source will apply an Elemental aura onto a new, non-elemental-innate enemy. This aura will persist a certain duration depending on the type of Elemental source. Think of the duration as a gauge that can decay or be reduced in 2 ways:
The gauge will decay over time. Once the gauge empties, the Elemental aura disappears.
When you apply an Elemental trigger to an existing Elemental aura, a certain amount of the gauge is consumed. If an amount remains, then the aura will persist after the reaction. If the gauge is fully consumed, the aura disappears.
Elemental Aura Application and Gauge Values of Enemies
Enemies apply the same 1 unit, 2 unit system to us that we apply to them. They follow exactly the same Elemental system we do.
I tested the number of frames that elements last on my character, upon being hit by attacks from these enemies:
Electro Cicin: 12s Electro (2 units)
Electro Hilichurl Shooter: 12s Electro (2 units)
Pyro Hilichurl Shooter: 12s Pyro (2 units)
Cryo Hilichurl Shooter: 12s Cryo (2 units)
Hilichurl Berserker (Pyro Club): Single hit applied 12s (2 units), multi-hit dash applies 9.5s each hit (1 unit)
Unlike when testing on an enemy, these are exact frame values. There seems to be a slight delay on when elements appear over an enemy's head. For example, if you cause a reaction on an enemy, the reaction text will appear one or two frames before the Element appears over their head. Also, at the end of an Element's duration, it slowly pulses and fades out, making it difficult to find the exact frame at which it disappears.
On our own characters, the Element does not fade out, but immediately disappears between frames. This allows us to more precisely measure Elemental durations: for example, there are precisely 720 frames between the Electro appearing above my health bar when I am shot by an Electro Shooter, and the Electro disappearing from my health bar when it times out. So it lasts exactly 720 / 60 = 12s.
Enemy Skills also "fix" the decay rate the same as our Skills. In this example, I am hit by a 2 unit Pyro, then 11 seconds later I am hit by a 1 unit Pyro. The Pyro aura lasts precisely 6 seconds from the point I am hit with the 1 unit Pyro. This matches the behaviour we see ourselves when going 2u -> 1u; we have 1 unit still decaying at the 2 unit rate of 6s and 12s.
Enemy Skills follow the same reaction reductions we do. In this example, I use Hilichurl Shooters to perform a Reverse Melt on myself. The Pyro Shooter applies 2 Pyro to me, then the Cryo Shooter applies 2 Cryo. Since this is a Reverse Melt, the reduction is 0.5x2 so 1 unit reduced. The Pyro lasts a total of 4.5 seconds from initial application to falling off, so the Melt reaction reduced the timer by 7.5 seconds. This matches the behaviour for a 1 unit reduction.
In addition, the reduction of 7.5s is a precise frame count. This is the "taxless" value, compared to the "taxed" value of 6s. This allows us to calculate the exact value of the so-called "Aura Tax": 6/7.5 = 0.8. This confirms our theory that the Tax is roughly 80%, that is exactly correct.
This allows us to more precisely measure frames on reactions due to the way friendly auras appear clearer than enemy auras. Since enemies can have 1 or 2 unit attacks, it's possible some enemies have 4 unit attacks for elements we have previously not been able to test with 4 units. There may even be 3-unit enemies. This opens up more possible reactions we can test.
Beginners Guide to Reactions and the Gauge Unit Theory
Please refer to the Gauge Unit Database when reading this article
All Elemental sources have a corresponding Gauge Unit Value (measure in U)
1U, 2U, or 4U
Please refer to the Gauge Unit Database to see each sources U value
When you apply an Elemental aura or gauge, it applies the corresponding number of Elemental units onto the enemy.
For example, Kaeyas E is a 2U Cryo Skill so casting it onto a hilichurl applies a Cryo gauge made up of 2 units of Cryo.
Each type of gauge has its own decay rate and duration
1U: 9.5s duration, decays at 1 unit per 9.5s
1U has the lowest duration, but also lowest unit decay rate.
2U: 12.0s duration, decays at 1 unit per 6.0s (12/2)
4U: 16.8s duration, decays at 1 unit per 4.2s (16.8/4)
4U has the highest duration, but also highest unit decay rate.
Transformative Reactions (excluding Electro-Charged, Crystallise, and Swirl)
When you apply an Elemental trigger, it subtracts the corresponding number of Elemental units from the enemys existing gauge.
For example, Kaeya E (2U) is casted onto a hilichurl. Then, it is hit by a Fischl Charged Shot (1U).
Fischls Charged Shot is a 1U Electro Skill so it will subtract 1 unit from the existing Cryo gauge. 1 unit of Cryo will remain.
Triggers will remove a certain number of units from the existing gauge. If the amount being subtracted is greater than the original amount, THE REACTION WILL STILL OCCUR. Afterwards, the status bar is cleared after the reaction.
Please note that triggers will not add any aura/gauge of their own (Electro-Charged is an exception). Triggers will only remove units from existing gauges.
Remember that gauges also have a natural decay rate
Why is decay rate significant?
Since character swaps and Skill animations take time, it is possible to lose out on the maximum number of reactions possible.
For example, Beidous Q applies 4 units worth of Electro gauge. Theoretically, you can use 1U Cryo Skills to trigger 4 consecutive Superconducts. However, you must apply the 4th 1U Cryo Skill before 4.2s have elapsed or you lose 1 unit of Electro from time decay.
4U gauges will decay at a rate of 1 unit/4.2s, so after 4.2s have passed, you only have 3 units left to use for reactions.
However, it is possible to apply 2U or 4U gauges that have a 1U decay rate. In other words, you can apply a bigger gauge with a slower decay rate.
For example, 2 units at the 1U decay rate are equivalent to 29.5s = 19s.
For example, 4 units at the 1U decay rate are equivalent to 49.5s = 38s
To do this, apply a 1U gauge, then apply a 2U or 4U gauge of the same Element.
The reason this occurs is because the initial gauges decay rate applies for all subsequent gauges until the Element is cleared from the enemy.
For example, applying Fischl Charged Shot (1U Electro) onto a Ruin Guard, then applying Beidou Q (4U Electro) results in the Electro aura persisting for 38 seconds from the time of Beidou Q.
Significance: More time to trigger multiple reactions
Referring back to the example for triggering 4 consecutive Superconducts, using only a 4U Electro aura means you have to trigger the 4th Superconduct before 4.2s have elapsed.
If you apply 1U Electro aura, then 4U Electro, you have to trigger the 4th Superconduct before 9.5s have elapsed (increased window period of 5.3s)
The opposite is also true: It is possible to apply lower U gauges with a higher Us decay rate.
For example, applying a 2U gauge, then applying a 1U gauge of the same Element causes the 1U gauge to have a 2U decay rate (loses 1 unit in 6.0s instead of 9.5s).
This is not optimal because you will have less time to perform your reactions.
To summarise the above points, the decay rate of the first gauge applied will be followed by any subsequent gauges (of the same Element) until no gauges remain on the enemy.
For example, if I apply a Beidou E (2U Electro), then any subsequent Electro auras will also have a 2U decay rate (lose 1 unit per 6.0s) until no Electro remains on the unit.
Be aware that although these examples describe the theoretical maximum number of reactions that can be triggered in a short window, you must account for;
Gauge decay rate
Elemental source ICDs
Character swap/Skill delay
Special Unit Modifiers for Amplifying Reactions (Melt and Vaporize)
Melt and Vaporize have weak and strong elements
Using a weak Element as the trigger results in a 1.5x DMG multiplier
Cryo in Melt and Pyro in Vaporize
Using a strong Element as the trigger results in a 2.0x DMG multiplier
Pyro in Melt and Hydro in Vaporize
Weak Elemental triggers have a 0.5x unit modifier (this is not a DMG multiplier)
Weak Elemental triggers rated 1U/2U are downgraded to 0.5U/1U
For example, an enemy affected by Ambers Charged Shot has 2 units worth of Pyro. Normally, we would expect Kaeyas E (2U) to remove 2 units, but since Cryo is a weak Elemental trigger for Melt, it only removes 1 unit instead.
It is possible to trigger 4 consecutive Melts by using a 2U Pyro aura and 1U Cryo trigger because the 1U Cryo becomes 0.5U and 2/0.5 = 4.
Strong Elemental triggers have a 2.0x unit modifier
Strong Elemental triggers rated 1U/2U are upgraded to 2U/4U
For example, an enemy affected by Kaeyas E (2U) has 2 units of Cryo. Normally, we would expect Dilucs E (1U) to remove 1 unit from the Cryo gauge, but since Pyro is a strong Elemental trigger for Melt, it removes 2 units instead
1U or 2U Pyro triggers remove 2 or 4 units from the Cryo gauge
1U or 2U Cryo triggers remove 0.5 or 1 unit from the Pyro gauge.
Trigger 4 consecutive Melts by using a 2U Pyro aura and 4 x 1U Cryo triggers.
1U or 2U Hydro triggers remove 2 or 4 units from the Pyro gauge
1U or 2U Pyro triggers remove 0.5 or 1 unit from the Hydro gauge.
Trigger 4 consecutive Vaporizes by using a 2U Hydro aura and 4 x 1U Pyro triggers
Geo and Anemo
Players can only use these elements as a trigger.
All Geo/Anemo triggers have a 0.5x unit modifier
For example, using a 1U Geo trigger against a 1U Electro aura results in Crystallise occurring, but will only subtract 0.5 units instead of 1 unit.
Geo and Anemo reactions will reduce the existing Elemental gauge, but less than other reactions.
Geo will cause Crystallise and an Elemental crystal will drop.
Anemo will cause Swirl and deal additional Elemental damage.
Geo/Anemo abilities generally allow for the existing Elemental aura to persist whereas other Elemental abilities would rapidly consume the aura and trigger other reactions.
(WIP) Electro-Charged (WIP)
Electro-Charged (EC) is unique because both Hydro and Electro simultaneously function as both auras and triggers. In addition, both auras can co-exist on an enemy.
In Electro-Charged, either an Electro or a Hydro aura is first applied to the enemy. Then, the other aura is applied which triggers the first tick of Electro-Charged.
EC will continue to tick at an interval of once per second as long as sufficient Electro and Hydro gauge remains except in the following cases
When either the Electro or Hydro gauge completely decays, the next Electro-Charged tick will prematurely occur at the moment at which the gauge completely decayed.
If immediately following an Electro-Charged tick, one of the gauges will empty from time decay within 0.5s, then there will not be another tick.
As a result, EC is the only Elemental reaction gated by an internal cooldown (ICD).
In terms of gauge unit consumption, the following statements are true:
Each tick of Electro-Charged consumes 0.4U from both Hydro and Electro gauges.
Once a gauge is completely empty, the respective Element will disappear from the enemys status bar and there will be no further ticks of Electro-Charged. The other gauge will remain available for further reactions.
After the initial Electro-Charged trigger tick, any subsequent Electro or Hydro applications will add their own gauges while following the decay rate rules specified in the Why is decay rate significant?section.
It is possible to infinitely sustain Electro-Charged.
Advanced Notes on Reactions and the Gauge Unit Theory (WIP)
THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ARE UNDER CONSTRUCTION
The concept of an Elemental aura/gauge
As a general rule of thumb, only 1 type of Elemental gauge (or one Element) can exist at any time on an enemy (unless its Electrocharged where both Electro and Hydro auras can exist together).
When you add a second and different Element, youre not actually debuffing the enemy with that Element, but rather, you are causing an Elemental reaction which will result in a reduction of the existing Elemental gauge. The degree of reduction depends on the type of reaction and the triggering Element.
For example, if I apply a Pyro aura to an enemy via Ambers charged shot, there is now a decaying Pyro status gauge ticking down. If I add the Electro trigger with Keqing E, I cause the Overload reaction, but the enemy is never considered affected by Electro with respect to effects like increase damage dealt to enemies affected by Electro (Lions Roar or 4 set thundersoother).
There are 3 different types of gauges that currently exist in the game. Each type differs with respect to decay rate and unit amount.
The 3 Types of Gauges
All Elemental sources (except Geo/Anemo) apply a 1U, 2U, or 4U Elemental aura/gauge onto a non-debuffed enemy.
The U-value represents 2 attributes
The decay rate of the gauge
The number of units in the gauge
We can use the decay rate and unit amount to calculate the gauge duration and understand how reactions (unit reductions) subtract from the gauge duration.
The Concept of Gauge Units (U)
What is a gauge unit?
A measurement that categorizes the strength AND decay rate of an Elemental source
An Elemental gauge (as previously mentioned above) can be split into units.
Elemental sources apply elements in varying amounts or units to form an Elemental gauge.
Different Skills may apply more or fewer units
The number of units would then decay over time (gauge emptying)
Whenever a reaction is triggered, a certain number of units are deducted from the gauge.
For example, a Cryo Skill might apply 2 units of Cryo to an enemy. Then, using an Electro Skill may deduct 1 unit of Cryo, leaving you with 1 unit remaining.
Kaeya E > Fischl Charged Shot > Cryo aura persists on enemy for a short duration
We can assign all Elemental sources in the game with a Gauge Unit value and then use this value to calculate 2 key concepts depending on whether the source acts as an aura or trigger
The number of reactions it can undergo before it is completely consumed
The duration that the aura will persist if simply left on the enemy
The amount/duration of Elemental gauge removed from the existing Elemental aura by triggering a reaction
How are Gauge Units assigned to Elemental sources?
All Elemental sources apply a 1U, 2U, or 4U Elemental aura/gauge onto an enemy.
1U: 9.5s duration Pyro/Cryo/Hydro/Electro aura
2U: 12s duration Pyro/Cryo/Hydro/Electro aura
4U: 16.8s duration Pyro/Cryo/Hydro/Electro aura
Dilucs E lasts for 9.5s; therefore, it is considered a 1U Pyro Skill
Kaeyas E lasts for 12s; therefore, it is considered a 2U Cryo Skill
Beidous Q lasts for 16.8s; therefore, it is considered a 4U Electro Skill
Anemo and Geo function differently because players can only use these elements to trigger reactions
Please note that Gauge Units are not a direct conversion from Elemental aura duration. This is why you cannot simply divide the 2U duration by 2 to find 1U duration.
How are Gauge Units consumed in Transformative reactions (except Swirl and Crystallise)?
Transformative reactions are Overload, Superconduct, Shatter, and Frozen
We are still testing to see how Electro-Charged fits into the Gauge Unit Theory
The U aura dictates the maximum number of Elemental reactions possible.
A 2U aura allows for 2 x 1U triggers (2 reactions)
A 4U aura allows for 4 x 1U triggers (4 reactions)
It is possible to experience less than the maximum number of reactions due to natural time decay of the gauge
Kaeya E (2U Cryo) > Fischl Charged shot (1U Electro) > 1U Cryo remaining
Kaeya applies 2 units of Cryo. Fischl Charged shot deducts 1 unit of Cryo. There is 1 unit of Cryo remaining (Cryo persists in the status bar)
Diluc E (1U Pyro) > Fischl Charged shot (1U Electro) > gauge emptied
Diluc applies 1 unit of Pyro. Fischl Charged shot deducts 1 unit of Pyro. Gauge is depleted and no aura remains.
How are Gauge Units consumed in Amplifying Reactions?
Amplifying Reactions are Melt and Vaporize
Elemental triggers have a 0.5x or 2.0x gauge unit multiplier depending on the reaction.
Cryo triggers have a 0.5x multiplier
Pyro triggers have a 2.0x multiplier
Pyro triggers have a 0.5x multiplier
Hydro triggers have a 2.0x multiplier
When triggering Melt with Pyro, the trigger has a 2.0x gauge unit multiplier.
Chongyun E (2U Cryo) > Diluc E (1U 2U Pyro) > gauge emptied
Normally, we would expect Diluc E to remove 1U from the 2U aura, but Pyro triggers have a 2.0x gauge multiplier (1U becomes 2U) in Melt.
When triggering Melt with Cryo, the trigger has a 0.5x gauge unit multiplier.
Diluc E (1U Pyro) > Diona Charged Shot (1U 0.5U Cryo) > 0.5U remaining
Normally, we would expect Diona Charged Shot to remove 1U from the 1U aura resulting in the gauge emptying, but Cryo triggers have a 0.5x gauge multiplier (1U becomes 0.5U) in Melt.
The Pyro and Hydro interaction in Vaporize is the same as Cryo/Pyro described above, but Pyro now has the 0.5x multiplier and Hydro has the 2.0x multiplier
How do Gauge Units translate into decay rate?
From the above section,
1U = 1 gauge unit = 9.5s duration Elemental source
2U = 2 gauge units = 12s duration Elemental source
4U = 4 gauge units = 16.8s duration Elemental source
Why does 2U = 12s, but 1U =/= 6s?
A 2U aura has a higher decay rate than a 1U aura.
One unit of a 2U aura is worth 6s whereas 1 unit of a 1U aura is worth 9.5s.
Larger U means a bigger Elemental gauge, but also an increased rate of decay.
Higher U auras may mean that you have less time to chain multiple reactions because the decay rate is higher.
For example, if you are using 1U triggers for a 4U aura and you arent quick enough, you might only end up triggering 3 reactions instead of 4.
A graph showing the decay rate of 2U (red line) vs 1U (green line) auras
What happens when you apply consecutive auras of different U values?
In the above section, we stated that different U auras have different decay rates.
The decay rate is always determined by the U of the first Elemental aura applied. This decay rate is always in effect, until all auras fall off that enemy.
If you apply a 1U Electro aura, then apply a 2U Electro aura, the 1U decay rate is observed.
If you apply a 4U Electro aura, then apply a 2U Electro aura, the 4U decay rate is observed.
Any additional auras applied will apply their own respective gauges, but follow the decay rate of the original aura.
If the remaining original gauge is greater than the maximum gauge of the added aura, then nothing will appear to happen because the added gauge completely decays before the original gauge does.
If the remaining original gauge is less than the maximum gauge of the added aura, then the aura persists until the added gauge completely decays.
This graph displays how each 1U, 2U, and 4U gauges decay according to each decay rate.
The Y-axis is the amount of Elemental gauge
The X-axis is the duration in seconds
Purple lines represent the 4U decay rate
Red lines represent the 2U decay rate
Green lines represent the 1U decay rate
For example, if you apply a 1U Electro aura (normal duration 9.5s), then apply a 4U Electro aura (normal duration 16.8s), the aura ends up lasting for ~38s. How can this be explained?
The 1U aura is the original gauge and the 4U aura is the added gauge.
1 unit at the 1U decay rate = 9.5s
4 units at the 1U decay rate = 9.5s 4 = 38s
The 4U gauge normally decays such that it empties in 16.8s, but since it follows the 1U decay rate, it empties in 38s
A 4U gauge decaying at a 1U rate is represented by the green line that starts from 4 units on the Y-axis and intersects at 38s.
The Electro aura would disappear 38s from the moment at which the 4U aura was applied on top of the 1U aura. The 1U aura simply disappears at 9.5s, but the 4U aura follows the 1U decay rate.
For example, if you apply a 4U Electro aura (normal duration 16.8s), then apply a 1U Electro aura (normal duration 9.5s), what will happen?
4U aura is the original gauge and 1U aura is the added gauge
4 units at the 4U decay rate = 16.8s
1 unit at the 4U decay rate = 16.8/4 = 4.2s
The 1U gauge is applied, but will decay at the increased 4U decay rate, meaning that it empties in 4.2s instead of 9.5s
Apply the 1U gauge when there are 4.2s remaining in the 4U gauge.
The Electro aura disappears 16.8s after the 4U application. The 1U gauge empties before the 4U gauge empties.
Apply the 1U gauge when there are <4.2s remaining in the 4U gauge
The Electro aura disappears 4.2s after the time at which the 1U gauge was applied.
Using a weaker (lower U) initial aura followed by a stronger (higher U) additional aura gives you more time to execute the maximum number of reactions available to you.
For example, if you setup an Electro aura by doing a weak original aura into a strong additional aura (1U > 4U), then use 1U triggers, you will have ????? additional seconds to trigger 4 reactions compared to if you simply used a 4U original aura.
For example, if you setup a Pyro aura by doing a 1U original aura into a 2U original aura, then use 0.5U Cryo triggers, you have 2.1s to perform 4 melts, instead of 1.3s.
Using a stronger (higher U) original aura followed by a weaker (lower U) additional aura does not practically change the amount of time available for a reaction because the added gauges typically finish decaying before the original aura decays.
Aura Tax (??? To talk about or not?)
Gauge Unit Theory - Testing and Evidence
The Weak/Strong 9.5/12s theory of auras is incorrect. There is also no Very Weak or Very Strong upgrade/downgrade system. Elemental applications instead apply 1, 2 or 4 Gauge Units (GU). The amount of time a GU persists for can vary, and depends on how many GU were applied by the first ability to hit that enemy. The "stronger" the ability was that started the aura/the more GU it applied, the faster the aura decays.
Robin provided me with info from CN, which allowed me to make this graph: Desmos
This graph accurately predicts all the downgrade/upgrade, Vaporize, Melt oddities that we have so far struggled to account for. It does so by separating the Elemental gauge amount from the length of time that Elemental aura stays on the enemy: they are related, but separate properties.
Consider the known "Weak" application of 9.5s (applies 1 GU, green line on the graph) and "Strong" application of 12s (applies 2GU, red line on the graph). On the graph, the y-axis is the GU in the gauge, the x-axis is duration.
I apply Strong Pyro then Overload with Weak Electro. That is an aura of 2GU, then a reduction of 1GU from the Weak Electro, leaving 1GU left on the Pyro aura. If 2GU is 12s, then a reduction of 1GU would be a reduction of 6s, correct?
In this video we see that the Pyro only lasted 4.55s, so the Electro reduced the timer by about 7.45s, not 6s as expected.
This can be explained by the graph: the rate of decay is non-linear (otherwise known as the Aura Tax). ~~You lose 20% of the gauge in the first 5% of its duration. So with 2 GU and a 12s duration, after 0.6s have passed you only have 1.6 GU remaining. After this point, we can find the point of the graph where 1GU is remaining, and see how many seconds that represents by moving from the line down to the x-axis and seeing how long is left on the timer. We get a result of 7.125s. So if you start with a 2GU application and apply a 1GU reduction, that is a time reduction of 7.125s.~~ This has been debunked by, check Tax Evasion for more.
The weak Element in Vaporize or Melt reduces the gauge by half the GU it normally would. So a 2GU reduction becomes a 1GU reduction, and a 1GU reduction becomes a 0.5GU reduction. In the Strong-Strong section of this video, we apply 2GU of Pyro then 2GU of Cryo. This causes a 7.28s reduction, roughly equivalent to the 1GU reduction in the previous example. The Weak-Weak example matches a 0.5GU reduction calculated on the lower, green line of the graph.
The rate of decay of GU is determined based on the strength of the first aura application on an enemy, until all auras fall off that enemy. If you apply a 1GU aura, which decays slowly, then use a 2GU move of the same Element, you now have 2 GU of that Element on the enemy, which is still decaying at that slower rate. This is most obvious when done with initial hit of Beidou's Burst, which is the only known 4GU move currently in the game.
Beidou's Burst normally lasts 16.8 seconds. It applies 4GU, but decays very rapidly. If we first apply 1GU Electro, it retains the slow decay and lasts 38 seconds instead.
This also means you can get three 1GU reduction reactions after a Beidou Burst. Possibly 4, if your timing is fast enough.
The length of time a 1GU application would last after an initial application's decay rate is as follows:
1GU = 9.5s
2GU = 12/2 = 6s
4GU = 16.8/4 = 4.2s
There are no 3GU moves currently in the game, but theoretically a Weak application after a 3GU initiator would last roughly 4.8-5s. We do not know the exact formula yet.
The full version of the graph includes all combinations of GU and Decay Rate. The higher the initial GU application, the faster the decay rate:
Decay rate after 1GU = Green
Decay rate after 2GU = Red
Decay rate after 4GU = Purple
For a given decay rate, you can predict the time deduction caused by a 1GU deduction using the slope formula from the graph: (0.95 x T)/0.8, where T is the seconds a Weak aura application lasts for at that decay rate: 9.5, 6, or 4.2
If possible, starting your Element applications with a Weak aura will make it slightly easier to chain reactions, as the decay rate of any further applications will be lower. This is a small difference as you are usually limited on reactions by GU, not time.
Referring to elements by their 9.5s and 12s durations is a mistake, as a Weak application can be 4.2, 6, or 9.5 seconds. It is better to refer to moves by their GU. I would suggest moving from Weak/Strong moves, to 0.5GU, 1GU, 2GU, and 4GU.
Vaporize and Melt reduce their gauge by 0.5x or 2x (presumed, no way to test, could be 3x or higher) their usual reduction, depending on Element order.
Anemo and Geo Skills we currently have marked in the Database as 6s are actually 0.5GU reductions. Those marked as 9.5s are actually 1GU reductions.
Hoyo Changed Pyro Why
As of 3.0, decay rate of Pyro aura updates differently than other auras. Every time Pyro is applied, the decay rate either:
Stays the same if the trigger didn't change the amount of aura on the target.
Updates to the trigger decay rate if the aura did change.
1U (0.8A) into 2U (1.6B) results in 12 seconds duration from the last Pyro application, meaning it's 1.6B.
2U (1.6B) into 1U (0.8A) results in 12 second duration from the first Pyro application meaning that the decay rate didn't change.
2U (1.6B) into 1U (0.8A) but this time the trigger applied at a time when the original aura has almost decayed. The duration is 9.5s counting from the 2nd application meaining that the decay rate changed to A.
Electro hasn't been changed
Likely to be a bug.
All Characters Internal Cooldown Database
All ICDs are enemy-specific.
For example, Oz normally has a shared ICD between his 1-7th hits. If he hits a different target for each hit, Electro aura will be applied each time.
All Characters Elemental Gauge Unit Database
The Truth Behind Elemental Reaction/Application Cooldowns (Translation)
Source: Bilibili (Dated Oct 29, 2020)
Translation link here
Translated by: iDreamz
Reviewed/Edited by: IonFox, Doug
Self Gauge Theory
Self Gauges and Leylines of all types do not clear the aura if they trigger a reaction and subtract a U value greater than the remaining aura.
Self gauges and Leylines seem to follow a different rule set compared to triggers that happen on enemies and this works regardless of where the aura came from. In the future, larger self applying gauges could allow for other builds such as's self-overloading Razor that takes advantage of aura oscillation with repeated self gauge application. It is also important to note that over-cleansing is possible where applying a gauge that is bigger than an aura you want to overwrite could result in unwanted reactions if something else triggers the new aura.
Self Aura Infusion
It has been known that you can use self auras to infuse Anemo ults (Venti/Sucrose) with elements instead of enemy auras. This happens to include the aura applied by leylines so it allows for elements not present AT ALL otherwise to be practically included in a team.
With this technique you can infuse elements that are otherwise not present AT ALL within your team or the enemies, allowing for compositions to cheat the matching Element into their team at little cost. A current powerful application of this is using this to deal with Hydro Fatui gunner's shield in lieu of bringing an actual Electro unit, decreasing the number of constraints on floor 11 team construction if you can't simply kill the Fatui before they put up the shield.
Tcl Self Aura Correction
Self aura section in TCL is pepega
"When a reaction is triggered and the trigger application has a higher U value than the Self Gauge, the Self Aura transitions directly to the other element." is the opposite of what actually happens. It should be changed to "When a Self Aura application triggers a reaction, if the Self Aura's U value is higher than that of the existing aura, the aura directly transitions to the Self Aura."
It should also be included that enemy shields, innate auras etc. are self auras.
Imgur Beidou's 4U is higher than the frozen left on the Abyss Mage shield (the self aura), but the aura does not transition to Electro
Imgur Abyss mage's 12U self aura is higher than the electro aura, and the aura directly transitions to frozen self aura
Correcting misinformation in TCL
Reapplying Hydro on Freeze
Reapplying Hydro on a Freeze Aura will not Extend the Duration of Freeze.
Frame Calcs in 30 FPS
Videos of Base Duration Freeze
Videos of Freeze with 1U Hydro App
Frame Counts in Excel Sheet
Better understanding of Freeze.
Contrary to what is stated in the evidence linked on the Gauge Unit Theory, taxation does not cause you to lose 20% of the gauge in the first 5% of the duration (hereinafter Hypothesis 1), but is applied instantly (hereinafter Hypothesis 2). Both hypothesis use the same total aura duration when no reactions occur.
Duration testing was done on a 4A aura with 3U subtracted: YouTube
According to Hypothesis 1, the aura should last 4 9.5 0.05 + 0.2 / 3.2 4 9.5 0.95 = 4.15625s after initial application
whereas according to Hypothesis 2, the aura should last only 0.2 / 3.2 38 = 2.375s after initial application.
Taking into account hitlag extension for Elemental auras, the aura duration observed in the video matches Hypothesis 2, not Hypothesis 1.
Sadly for the setup I wanted to test when I started this ticket, tax cannot be evaded since the aura starts at the taxed gauge. For the front page of Elemental gauge theory, this doesn't mean much since it explains things using tax on reaction, which is consistent with Hypothesis 2. However, since the original evidence is linked on the front page, it should be mentioned somewhere that Hypothesis 1 is inaccurate.
Day 5 Fayz Trials enhanced Skill applies 8 Gauge Units of Cryo/Hydro/Pyro.
8D aura lasts for 26.5s in the video, roughly lines up with the formula which gives 2.58+7=27s.
The Freeze triggered should last for 2sqrt(5x2x0.8x8x(1-0.5/(2.5x8+7))+4)-4=12.348s.
In the video, it lasted for 12.067s, roughly lines up.
Applying 8U onto an existing A aura results in an 8A aura that lasts for 75.43s, which also roughly lines up with 8x0.8x(95/8)=76s (95/8 is A aura decay rate).
The ~12.56GU Freeze aura can survive the 8GU Freeze consumption from Shatter.
Documents a new-ish type of aura that previously lacked video evidences.
The current method of explaining all game mechanics involving elements
Elemental Gauge Theory
To our knowledge, the framework of Elemental Gauge Theory can be applied to explain any Elemental-related concept in Genshin. Extensive testing has been done and is viewable in the Evidence Vault under Gauge Unit Theory - Testing and Evidence.
If any words are unfamiliar, we have an entry on common terms, with a specific section on terms commonly found when discussing reactions.
When an Elemental source is used to apply an Element, it applies a number of Gauge Units onto the enemy. The respective character page should be referenced to see how many units each source applies. However, this alone is not enough, it must also be combined with the unit modifier specific to the situation.
Units (U) are reported as the amount of aura they apply, when extending auras with stronger attacks with higher U or consuming auras via Elemental reactions, the resulting auras are not simply an addition of the unit.
The TCL previously used decay notations for auras; with 1U being 1A, 2U being 2B, and 4U being 4C. This system is no longer used due to its lack of versatility.
The only source of 8U Cryo/Hydro/Pyro was available using the Supersense Skill in Day 5 of Fayz Trials, for more details see this Vault Entry.
Aura application has a 0.8x modifier. This is also referred to as Aura Tax.
Example of Aura Application:
Kaeyas E applies 2U 0.8 = 1.6U Cryo aura and the decay rate is 7.5s per unit.
In addition, neither Anemo nor Geo may be applied as an aura.
Hereinafter, all aura applications will be referred to with this unit modifier already applied.
Character Elemental Gauge Application
Each character has a set amount of Elemental gauge applied by each individual attack or Skill. A full list of character Skills and their corresponding Elemental gauges can be found below:
Decay rate is determined by the first aura applied. This decay rate is always in effect, until the aura is fully consumed/decayed.
Y-Axis = amount of Elemental gauge
X-Axis = duration in seconds
Decay rate is calculated as follows:
Durability is another way of measuring units, with each unit being the equivalent of 25 durability.
Additional applications of the aura Element will apply their own respective gauges, but follow the decay rate of the original aura. Meaning, a 2U or 4U Elemental Gauge can be decaying at the rate of D(1). To do this, apply a 1U gauge, then apply a 2U or 4U gauge of the same Element to get 1.6U or 3.2U auras that decay by 11.875s per unit.
Fischl's Charged Shot applies 0.8U Electro, the use of Beidou's Q will change the gauge to 3.2U Electro, resulting in a 3.2U Electro aura persisting for 38 seconds from the time of Beidou Q, instead of 17 seconds.
Y-axis = amount of Elemental gauge
X-axis = duration in seconds
Purple = D(4) decay rate
Red = D(2) decay rate
Green = D(1) decay rate
Also see a much better graph by Google Sheet
Something to note is that without extending auras, the total duration of an aura applied to the enemy is equivalent to 2.5 times the gauge of the Elemental source in GU plus 7 seconds. This alongside the post-tax gauge may be used to calculate the decay rate. The letter notation makes it easier to refer to a few standard decay rates.
As of 3.0, the decay rate of Pyro aura updates differently than other auras. Every time Pyro is applied, the decay rate either:
Stays the same if the trigger didn't change the amount of aura on the target.
Updates to the trigger decay rate if the aura did change.
Overloaded and Superconduct
These Transformative Reactions have a 1x unit modifier (effectively removing the same amount of units).
When an Elemental trigger is applied, it subtracts the corresponding number of Elemental units from the enemys existing gauge.
Kaeyas E applies 1.6U Cryo aura followed by Fischls Aimed Shot immediately, which applies 1U Electro. Superconduct occurs, 0.6U Cryo aura remains.
If the Trigger Gauge is greater than the Aura Gauge, a reaction will still occur and the aura will be fully consumed and no Element will be left behind because gauges cannot go below zero.
Fischls Aimed Shot applies 0.8U Electro aura followed by Kaeyas E immediately, applying 2U Cryo. Superconduct occurs, and no aura is left behind as reaction triggers can only remove units, they cant add aura/gauge.
The AoE of these reactions have zero Elemental Gauge.
Once Frozen is triggered, an enemy will be afflicted by a Frozen aura. Reactions with Frozen are equivalent to those with Cryo, though the gauge of a Frozen aura is often significantly higher. In addition, Cryo and Hydro may exist alongside the Frozen aura. Removing the Frozen aura, either through Melt or Shatter, will expose the coexisting Cryo/Hydro aura, allowing any Elemental sources to react with Cryo/Hydro. Even while the Cryo/Hydro aura is hidden under the Frozen aura, it will continue to decay as normal.
Freeze is extended when the Cryo or Hydro is applied to Freeze with a coexisting Hydro or Cryo aura respectively.
More details on the Frozen aura, including duration, coexisting Cryo/Hydro, and extension may be found in the Evidence Vault.
Melt and Vaporize
Melt and Vaporize have weak and strong Elements.
Using a weak Element as the trigger results in a 1.5x DMG multiplier. This is referred to as a Reverse Vape/Melt.
Cryo triggering Melt and Pyro triggering Vaporize
Using a strong Element as the trigger results in a 2.0x DMG multiplier. This is referred to as a Forward Vape/Melt.
Pyro triggering Melt and Hydro triggering Vaporize
Unit Modifiers to Gauge Consumption
Weak Amplifying Reaction triggers have a 0.5x unit modifier.
An enemy affected by Ambers Charged Shot has 1.6U Pyro with D(2) decay rate. Using Kaeyas E (2U Cryo) only removes 1U Pyro because weak Melt occurs when the trigger is Cryo.
Strong Amplifying Reaction triggers have a 2x unit modifier.
An enemy affected by Kaeyas E has 1.6U Cryo with D(2) decay rate. Using Dilucs E (1U) removes 2U worth of Cyro aura because strong Melt occurs when the trigger is Pyro. This leaves us with 0U Cryo as gauges cannot go below zero.
Crystallize and Swirl
Geo and Anemo can only be used as the trigger for Crystallize and Swirl reactions respectively. All Geo/Anemo triggers have a 0.5x unit modifier.
Using a 1U Geo trigger on a 0.8U Electro aura will result in Crystallize, subtracting 0.5U and leaving 0.3U of Electro aura.
Unlike other Transformative Reactions which have an AoE, the AoE of Swirl has a non-zero gauge, which shall be explored in the following section.
Swirl application occurs when an Elemental source is applied to an enemy through the use of Swirl spreading an Element. This may trigger additional reactions and or apply an aura following the same rules as any other Elemental source. Notably, tax is applied to any Swirl application that becomes an aura.
The Gauge Unit and decay rate of the Swirl application depend on both the aura of the entity on which Swirl triggered as well as the gauge of the Anemo trigger. A few basic examples may be seen in the table here:
Like all other applied auras, you can extend the duration of a swirled aura by already having an aura of the same Element on an enemy.
Barbara attacks (1U) an enemy and applies 0.8U Hydro. Venti's E (2U Anemo) swirls a Hydro Abyss Mage, which has 2U Hydro aura, spreading 3.45U Hydro to the enemy with 0.8U Hydro. Now, after that enemy has 2.76U Hydro, which will last a maximum of 32.775s.
Electro-Charged (EC) is unique to all previously covered reactions. The current theory is that in Electro-Charged, both Hydro and Electro simultaneously function and coexist as both the aura and trigger.
EC is triggered when an enemy with a Hydro or Electro aura has the other aura applied to it. EC will tick once per second so long as enough Electro and Hydro gauge remain, except in the following case:
When either the Electro or Hydro gauge completely decays, the next Electro-Charged tick will prematurely occur at the moment when the gauge is completely decayed. However, if one of the gauges empties within 0.5s of the last Electro-Charged tick, there will not be another tick of Electro-Charged.
Each tick of Electro-Charged consumes 0.4U from both gauges. Once a gauge is empty, the Element will disappear from the enemys status, but the other Element will remain available to further reactions.
AoE ticks of Electro-Charged have zero gauge.
Self Auras are Elements applied to the character. This can be from sources such as: leylines, taking Elemental damage from an enemy, or having an ability that imbues the character with an Element.
When a Self Aura application triggers a reaction, if the Self Aura's U value is higher than that of the existing aura, the aura directly transitions to the Self Aura. It should also be included that enemy shields, innate auras etc. are Self Auras.
Genshin Impact Fandom
Elemental Gauge Application Sheet for All Characters
The number of Gauge Units applied by a character attack, skill, or passive is referred to as Elemental Gauge.
Elemental Gauge Database
Elemental Gauge is denoted as a number and followed by "U". The number represents the number of Gauge Units applied. Aura application has an Aura Tax (0.8x modifier).
A more in-depth explanation can be found in Elemental Gauge Theory.
Updated for Patch 3.4.
Elemental Gauge Database (Google Sheets)
Trial Character Resonances
The Trial Character from a party does not get the bonuses from Elemental Resonances, nor do they contribute to Elemental Resonances.
Resonance tests with the following 5th party member: Character Story Eula (4 Elements), Hangout Thoma (Geo, Hydro, Pyro, 4 Elements), Hangout Noelle (Hydro).
Additionally, Pyro Resonance test with Hangout Thoma as 4th character (regular party of 3, no Pyro Resonance).
Electro Resonance Electro Particle generation with Hangout Thoma: YouTube
Anemo Resonance Cooldown Reduction with Hangout Thoma: YouTube
Pyro Resonance for Thoma damage calculation: Imgur
(related video: YouTube)
Resonance bonuses regularly visible on the Attributes page are not added to the Trial Character's Attributes page.
Pyro Resonance not being applied is also effective in damage calculation. Having the Trial Character be the 5th or 4th party member does not make a difference.
All Trial Characters in Story Quests and Hangouts (including untested characters) are expected neither to be affected by Elemental Resonances, nor to contribute to any Elemental Resonances (including untested Resonance bonuses).
When testing and verifying damage calculations with Trial Characters, this interaction with Elemental Resonances should be considered.
Swirl Chain Reactions Can Trigger Electro Resonance
Electro-related reactions (Electro-Charged, Overload, Superconduct) caused by Swirl chain reactions can trigger the effect of Electro Resonance.
Electro Resonance is easier to trigger and more consistent with an Anemo driver than previously expected.
Cryo Resonance Applies CRIT Rate For Cryo Before Reactions
Finding: Cryo resonance determines if an enemy has Cryo for its CRIT Rate buff before reactions remove auras.
Geo Resonance With Off Field Characters
Geo Resonance's RES Shred can't be applied from off-field
With Noelle's A1 shield, Chiori's Tamato damage is the same before and after she goes off-field, but drops down when the shield expires. Additionally, the debuff indicator (down-pointing arrows) on the Lawachurl disappear at ~0:49, which is only ~7s after her most recent shielded hit from off-field, but about 15s (the stated duration of the Geo RES Shred in Geo Resonance's description) after her most recent shielded hit from on-field.
Kaeya's Burst DMG with no shield is 5811. With his C4 shield, from off-field, his Burst deals 6351 damage. Ningguang's NA DMG is 42 before and after Kaeya's Burst hits while he is shielded and off-field.
Geo Resonance can apply its DMG%, but not the ability to apply its Geo RES Shred effect, to off-field characters that have 1-character shields like Noelle's A1, Kaeya's C4, and The Bell.
When you have a full party, you will receive bonus effects, known as Elemental Resonances, that correspond to the Elemental Types present in the party.
List of Elemental Resonances
Trial Character Resonances
All Trial Characters in Story Quests and Hangouts do not contribute to or benefit from the party's Elemental Resonances.
Swirl Chain Reactions Can Trigger Electro Resonance
Swirling Hydro, Pyro, or Cryo onto an enemy affected by Electro or vice versa will trigger High Voltage. This shares the Particle generation cooldown with when you trigger it normally.
Cryo Resonance Applies CRIT Rate For Cryo Before Reactions
Cryo resonance determines if an enemy has Cryo for its buff before reactions remove auras.
Geo Resonance Off-Field Interactions
While the damage bonus from Geo resonance still applies when a shield persists off-field, the RES shred can't be triggered by an off field shielded character.
Elemental Particle generation by character.
Elemental Skill Particles Database
Elemental Particle/Orb to Energy Conversion
Elemental Skill Particles
Updated for Patch 3.4.
Starred conditions are the respective character's most practical and optimal way of particle generation.
Production ratio shows the rate of the number of particles that will be produced (for example 2~3 (1:2) means 33.33% chance of producing 2 particles and 66.67% chance of producing 3 particles).
Elemental Skill Particle Production Rate (Google Sheets)
"Childe" Tartaglia, Eleventh of the Fatui Harbingers..
Eleventh of the Fatui Harbingers - Tartaglia - First form
He draws power from the ominous Delusion he possesses and fights using martial arts that he learned in a land of darkness. He is a pure warrior with an insatiable lust for battle. Each bloody conflict, each life-and-death struggle is a delightful trial to him. People say that the young Childe is famed throughout the land for his battle prowess. But he has never taken big talk of this kind to heart. After all..."You shall ever be the eye of the storm,"And the clashing of steel shall ever accompany you."The pitch-black memory of stepping into uttermost darkness,"Shall, at last, become the strength by which you will overturn this world."
All RES -30% while stunned.
Any attack that hits the player will leave a Riptide mark.
Attacks that hit characters already marked by Riptide will deal additional AoE Hydro DMG.
The mark can be removed by touching the arena's barrier to trigger a Vaporize reaction. This reaction does not deal damage to the character.
The mark can also be removed with characters that apply certain elements to themselves or other characters.
The mark will persist even if you switch characters.
Creates a Hydro shield that blocks a certain amount of damage.
If the player attacks Tartaglia enough while his shield is up, he will attack the player with a quick counter attack slash.
Shoots out a huge Hydro energy blast in front of him that deals very high damage.
This triggers if Childe gets hit by any Hydro attacks while his Hydro Shield is up.
Performs one charged slash attack forward.
Unleashes energy deep within, creating a domain of Hydro energy that deals a moderate amount of Hydro DMG around him.
Performs a spinning slash, dealing Hydro DMG around him.
Performs up to 6 consecutive shots with a bow while aiming at the player.
Tartaglia becomes vulnerable after performing this skill.
Performs up to 6 consecutive shots with a bow upwards that fall to deal AoE Hydro DMG.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with riptide.
Unleashes 2 to 6 consecutive shark-shaped waves with a bow.
Slides quickly to any point of the arena, dealing Hydro DMG in his wake.
This move is performed when the player is too far away.
Charges for a while, then unleashes 4 arrows upwards that fall from the sky to deal massive AoE Hydro DMG around him.
Charges for a while, then unleashes a massive humpback whale-shaped attack, dealing massive AoE Hydro DMG.
This attack is only performed if a target is marked with riptide.
The horned whale-shaped creature will first deal damage upon emerging from the ground in front of Childe, then jump forward and crash down to deal damage again on impact.
This attack cannot be invincibility frame dodged by dashing. However, certain Elemental Bursts last long enough that when timed correctly, their invincibility frames can completely nullify damage from this attack.
Upon depleting Childe's health bar, he will become invulnerable, heal back to full health, and transform into his second form.
In-Depth Look at Monster Skill Effects in Domains/Abyss
In-depth look at monster Skill effects in abyss/domains (Ice Cage, Pursuing Fireball, etc.)
Note: Since the official names for these are incredibly difficult to find, I will list them here
Monster Skill effects deal flat damage. The amount of damage dealt scales similarly to transformative reactions (thanks to @Carrier5by5 for looking into this), based purely off a base multiplier corresponding to each Skill effect (for example, Ice Cage deals twice as much damage as Rumbling Stone). These multipliers can be found here. Also, the damage is unaffected by your character level or defense; it will always deal the same amount of damage regardless.
YouTube video (Crimson Witch domain)
The damage from monster Skill effects cannot be reduced by Skills like Xingqiu's E/Q and Beidou's Q. This means that comps like Beidou Xingqiu Electro-charge that can usually tank enemy attacks by stacking damage reduction cannot tank these effects easily.
YouTube video (Crimson Witch domain)
YouTube video (12-3)
The damage from monster Skill effects is affected by character resistance.
YouTube video (Tested with a lvl 21 Razor with and without 2-Piece lavawalkers set)
The damage from monster Skill effects can be shielded. This also means that while the damage can be shielded, damage reduction Skills that normally reduce the amount of shield damage taken will not apply.
Monster Skill effects can be taunted. In general, these Skill effects target the same thing that the corresponding monster is also targeting. In some cases the target will "snapshot" (i.e. if the monster changes its target during the effect, the effect will not update) and in other cases it will not. Seems to be inconsistent.
Monster Skill effects spawn at fixed intervals, specific to each type:
Ice Cage: 12.5 seconds
Vacuum Vortex: unknown (its not in the game rn)
Rumbling Stone: 15 seconds
Lightning Stake: 12.5 seconds
Pursuing Fireball: 20 seconds
Mist Bubble: 12.5 seconds
YouTube video (Rumbling Stone)
YouTube video (Ice Cage)
Other: Haha Venti go brrr
Overall useful information for people looking to clear abyss/domains
Mist Bubble I-Frame
The bubble from the Hydro Abyss Mages and their Hydro bubble spawning mechanic can be effectively i-framed by swapping characters at the precise moment. However, the Hydro bubble will persist on the character that was initially hit for approximately 5 seconds
Dash i-frames do not always work against the bubbles, especially for the abyss mage ones which home onto the character even after iframing through it. While the character initially hit still takes damage from the bubble, the dangerous CC effect of the bubble can be ignored, which makes dealing with the bubbles without ult i-frames a lot easier.
CO-OP Hydro Abyss Mage Bubble
You can't pierce through the Hydro Abyss Mage bubbles when they trap other players in CO-OP.
Based on the evidence provided, it is clearly shown that other players (including yourself) cannot pierce through or interact with players trapped inside of the Hydro Abyss Mage bubbles.
Black Aura Data
This entry was opened to know the values of the black auras you can find in abyss and Inazuma bounties, which release a shockwave of a random Element (although, just like with Geovishaps, this Element is already determined before the battle even starts), so far, only Hydro, Electro and Cryo black auras have appeared in the game.
Research made in-game proved that these black auras has the following properties:
Gauge Units it inflicts: 2
Element: Depends (usually matches the Element of the black aura's holder)
These properties are shared across the 3 black auras.
Furthermore, a compilation of the damage dealt by auras can be seen in this Sheet.
Where black numbers are values that were seen in-game (if they have a "?", it's because there is a possibility it might be a bit off), and red ones are just speculative based on the multipliers we got. This doc shows how the level of the enemy matters when it comes to the aura's power.
Note: Inazuma bounties seem to be an exception, as both Tier 2 and Tier 3 bounties have lvl 88 auras, while the enemies are lvl 91 and 96 respectively.
How was all of this tested?
After seeing several factors that could affect the result, such as the Protective Canopy's 15% Elemental RES, all values in the doc were compiled by visiting all domains in Teyvat and taking damage several times with different characters and Anemo resonance, all of this while avoiding Elemental reactions.
Cooldown and Gauge Units are easy to test, as you only need a timer, and avoid getting another Element on you.
The 400% multiplier was somewhat easy to get, as the black aura damage always matches the one dealt by the Cryo one, and since the Cryo aura has a multiplier of 400%, then black auras should too.
Early understanding about this strange Black Aura, now known officially as "Discharge"
Targeting Ignores Enemy Hitbox Location
The targeting point for targeted Skills (which is everything except bow aim shot as far as I am aware) is not the center of the enemy hitbox. Instead, the target point is set arbitrarily per enemy per animation.
The larger of the two new enemies for patch 2.2 can display some highly inaccurate targeting boxes, especially when Frozen. This also shows the targeting point and hitbox are separate.
The Rifthound initiates a jump back and follow-up charge, but gets Frozen as soon as the follow up charge starts. However, Ayaka cannot damage it with her Charged Attack because the targeting point is too far away from the enemy hitbox.
I think MiHoYo tried to fake bow normal target tracking for Rifthounds by making the targeting point in front of the enemy hitbox, instead of inside it. Unfortunately, this hack affects everything else too, and makes Ayaka whiff half her kit. R.I.P.
Some Elemental Bursts, Skills, Catalyst/Bow Normal Attacks, and special Charged Attacks can potentially whiff on Frozen enemies, resulting in a significant DPS loss.
A list of findings regarding the Miasmic Tumor
does laser attack at 75%, 50% and 25% HP thresholds.
summons ochimusa at 100%, 66% and 33% HP thresholds. becomes immortal again.
spams Orbs every 6-7 seconds after it summons the first ochimusa. they deal close to no damage, but they do deal a bit of poise damage, though it takes 2 waves of full hits to even stagger. there is a max cap on the number of Orbs. aiming is scuffed until you get close to it.
disappears in multiplayer.
cant have marks or statuses.
can only have Cryo and Freeze aura. reactions with those work as normal.
cant lower resistance.
can switch party near it, even when being hit by the Orbs.
Playlist of all recordings: YouTube
Cryo - Yes YouTube
Electro - No YouTube
Hydro - No YouTube
Pyro - No YouTube
Melt - YouTube
Freeze - YouTube
Shatter - YouTube
Superconduct - YouTube
Swirl - YouTube
Crystallize - YouTube
Hu Tao - YouTube
Qiqi - YouTube
Tartaglia - YouTube
Mona - YouTube
Xiangling - YouTube
Lisa - YouTube
Resistance shred failing:
Hu Tao Non-shred Damage - YouTube
Shred Damage - YouTube
Diona and VV Test - YouTube
Damage - YouTube
Interval - YouTube
No Multiplayer: YouTube
Full Fight: YouTube
Shows HP thresholds for attacks.
Documentation of this bosses attacks and interactions.
Raiden Boss Resistances
The new world boss Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto has a base 10% resistance for all types of damage, gains +200% in the armored state (210% total) and loses -60% in the stunned state (-50% total).
Calculations and video links in the sheet.
This knowledge will allow us to concoct strategies on how to defeat Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto.
Coral Defender Orb Mechanics
The Energy burn Orbs from Coral Defenders have 1 instance of damage. This damage is made up by a Base DMG part (which can be blocked by a shield) and a DMG part that is based on how much excess Energy burn was dealt (unblockable, goes through shields). Each Orb does 30 Energy damage, if you get hit by the Orb while having less than 30 Energy, the leftover Energy burn gets converted to Elemental DMG, both the Base DMG and the excess Energy burn are affected by DEF but not by RES. The Energy burn Orbs are capable of triggering Elemental Reactions, however in case of Amplifying Reactions they will only amplify the base DMG (blockable) part and not the excess Energy DMG (unblockable) part.
One damage source
Damage test 1: Full health, no DEF sands
Damage test 2: Damaged, no DEF sands
Damage test 3: Damaged, with DEF sands
Damage test 4: 4 elements +15% resistance resonance, no DEF sands (44 less DEF than tests 1 and 2)
Damage test 5: Melt, no DEF sands (44 less DEF than tests 1 and 2)
It was previously assumed that the damage is based on how much HP a character has, this turns out to not be the case (no difference in damage taken between test 1 and 2). The damage actually is affected by DEF but not by RES. Melt does not increase the damage dealt by the unblockable part, which adds value to shielders such as Zhongli.
Coral Defenders and Bathysmal Vishap Cleansing Shower HP Loss Correction
The HP Loss from the Coral Defenders and Bathysmal Vishaps' Cleansing Shower attack is not affected by DEF.
The correct calculations for the HP Loss are as follows:
Boss: (0.17 Character Max HP + 600) (1 - Remaining Energy/30)
Non-Boss: (0.14 x Character Max HP + 200) (1 - Remaining Energy/10)
Venti regenerates 15 Energy from his 4th Ascension Passive. The Cleansing Shower dealt (0.17 18474 + 600) (1 - 15/30) = 1870 DMG
Ganyu has 122% ER, and generates 2 particles from her Skill which grants her 7.32 energy. The first Cleansing Shower dealt (0.17 16686 + 600) (1 - 7.32/30) = 2598 DMG, and the second Cleansing Shower did (0.17 16686 + 600) (1 - 0/30) = 3436 DMG
Ayato has 123.3% ER, and generates 1 particle from his Skill which grants him 3.699 energy. The Cleansing Shower dealt (0.14 25205 + 200) (1 - 3.699/10)= 2349 DMG.
Correcting misinformation in the Coral Defenders page of the TCL.
Coral Defenders Can Double Spike In Abyss
As of the time of writing this, the TCL page for Coral Defenders states that the 2 vishaps cannot use the spike field attacks at the same time. This seems to be the case for the overworld herd.
But the the herd that appeared in patch 2.5's Spiral abyss can do the spike field attacks at the same time, maybe not down to the second but there is definitely some overlap.
Clip showing the Rimebiter and Bolteater overlapping their spike fields in Spiral Abyss: YouTube
Disambiguation of the Abyss-specific spike field overlap behavior on the enemy page.
75% HP: 1 Clear Orb & 1 Clear Particle
50% HP: 1 Clear Orb & 1 Clear Particle
25% HP: 1 Clear Orb & 1 Clear Particle
On death: 1 Clear Orb & 1 Clear Particle
At 66% HP it spawns a shield consisting of 3 skulls around the arena.
Each skull requires 3U Geo or 38 Elemental attacks to be destroyed. The ICD on all Elements except for Geo will be ignored and each skull requires 38 hits regardless of the GU.
On hit, the Golden Wolflord applies the Corrosion status to the player, some of the attacks can be i-framed, meaning no Corrosion is applied.
The dive that does damage in a large AoE can only destroy Geo Constructs that are between the skulls and the Golden Wolflord, allowing Geo Traveler's C2 to proc. But when Geo Constructs are placed between the skulls and the edge of the arena, they are invulnerable to this attack.
The ramming attack can be an opener. The initial action includes flying up, then do multiple spins: counter-clockwise to clockwise to counter-clockwise. It takes about 5 sec to finish the moveset (starting from the flying up). With enough tanking capabilities, you can combine the ~4 sec grounded during this moveset and the 6 sec stunned to deal more damage.
Tornado. It starts with twirling counter-clockwise at the center of arena, generating wind currents, before diving and creating the "Tornado". The overall moveset lasts for ~16 sec, after which the GW will be stunned. During the tornado attack, GW is still susceptible to damage. The tornado can also get stuck on Geo Constructs.
Sweep. Initiated by raising its head, then sweeping/lashing clockwise using its tail with a relatively big AoE. The overall moveset lasts for ~4 sec, but is only grounded for ~2 sec.
Laser Beam. Starts with raising of its head a bit, its mouth glowing, before initiating the actual Laser Beam. The beam slowly rakes from an angle, until it reaches ~90 degrees, lasting for 4 sec. The beam deals continuous damage, applying corrosion at a fast rate. The overall moveset lasts for 10 sec, while also being grounded for the whole duration.
Skull Strike. The attack is initiated by raising its whole body above ground, then start spewing the "skulls" from its mouth, 1 skull every second. For the first two skulls, it seems the tracking starts before they were actually released, they also travel in an arc to attempt to hit the player at an angle. The third skull seems to travel overhead, also has better tracking. The skulls maybe blocked by constructs. The overall moveset lasts for 6 sec above ground.
Earthshaking Dive. Initiated by going into the center, and flying up, then telegraphing a big AoE covering almost the whole arena before diving below ground. The impact from diving deals damage, while the whole sequence lasts for 6 sec. After 1 sec, several AoEs are telegraphed across the room, then explodes after 2 sec, accompanied by the resurfacing of GW at the center that also deals damage. The overall moveset last for 10 sec. This moveset will be used for the first time during the Rifthound Skulls (Shielded Phase) and occasionally afterwards.
The stuns after the ramming attack and the tornado last 6s.
The stuns after the skulls are broken lasts 24s.
While the Golden Wolflord is flying, standing on a Geo Construct can help melee characters hit it. Deployables such as Oz, Ushi, and Yae Miko's totems can as well.
There is a bug where the skulls will sometimes not spawn.
There is another bug where sometimes Geo attacks will not deal any damage to the skulls.
There is yet another bug where it sometimes launches the player into the air and if you don't glide or plunge, and no fall damage is taken.
and 2. HP Particles and Orbs
The skulls needing 3U Geo or 38 non-Geo non-Physical hits with the ICD being ignored
Attacks that can be dodged and i-framed (note that not all attacks were tested due to Skill issue, it's possible that some other attacks can also be i-framed by sprinting)
Geo Constructs can only get destroyed in only the inner part of the arena
The attack normally
Golden Wolford taking damage during the tornado
The tornado getting stuck on Zhongli's pillar
After the ramming attack
After the tornado
After the skulls are broken
Things that can hit while it's flying
Bug 1: Skulls not spawning
Bug 2: Geo attack not working
Bug 3: The yeet
Credits to, Mr.,,, Magnus, and u/AstralCookies for some of the videos.
Ruin Serpent HP Particle Counts
Ruin Serpent drops 1 clear Orb at 1/3 and 2/3 HP, and 1 clear Particle on death.
Add to library and HP Particle database.
Monster Skill Effects
See Evidence Vault for Videos, as well as Discharge Aura Data for more details.
These are the damaging effects that are tied to specific enemies within domains/abyss. As of patch 2.2, there are 7 of these effects, tied to one or multiple elements in the game. Below is a table from the Genshin Wiki that details the effects:
Monster Skill effects deal flat damage. The amount of damage dealt scales similarly to transformative reactions, it's based purely off a base multiplier corresponding to each Skill effect (for example, Ice Cage and Discharge deals twice as much damage as Rumbling Stone). Also, the damage is unaffected by your character level or defense; it will always deal the same amount of damage regardless.
The damage from monster Skill effects cannot be reduced by Skills like Xingqiu's E/Q and Beidou's Q that grant damage reduction. This means that comps like Beidou + Xingqiu Electro-charge that can usually tank enemy attacks by stacking damage reduction cannot benefit from the damage reduction here.
However, damage from monster Skill effects is affected by character resistance and can be negated via shields. This means that while the damage can be shielded, damage reduction Skills that normally reduce the amount of shield damage taken will not apply.
Monster Skill effects can be taunted. In general, these Skill effects target the same thing that the corresponding monster is also targeting. In some cases the target will "snapshot" (i.e. if the monster changes its target during the effect, the effect will not update) and in other cases it will not. This mechanic will require further testing, it seems to be inconsistent as of now.
Discharge (also known as Black Aura) is an aura that appears around certain enemies. The aura was introduced in Patch 2.0 and it was the first aura to be tied to more than one Element. While it is active, a Black Aura will apply the enemy's Element in question to the players in-range, dealing Elemental DMG.
The bubbles from Hydro Abyss Mages spawned can be effectively i-framed by swapping characters at the precise moment. However, the Hydro bubble will persist on the character that was initially hit for approximately 5 seconds. For more details see: Mist Bubble iFrame
When a bubble traps a player in CO-OP, other players cannot pierce through or interact with it. For more details see: CO-OP Hydro Abyss Mage Bubble
Targeting Ignores Enemy Hitbox Location
The targeting point for targeted Skills is not the center of the enemy hitbox. Instead, the target point is set arbitrarily per enemy, per animation. This can make some attacks whiff during certain enemy states. For more details see: Targeting Ignores Enemy Hitbox Location
Enemy Elemental Gauge
Elemental Aura Application and Gauge Values of Enemies
Enemies apply the same 1 unit, 2 unit system to us that we apply to them. They follow exactly the same Elemental system we do.
I tested the number of frames that Elements last on my character, upon being hit by attacks from these enemies:
Electro Cicin: 12s Electro (2 units)
Electro Hilichurl Shooter: 12s Electro (2 units)
Pyro Hilichurl Shooter: 12s Pyro (2 units)
Cryo Hilichurl Shooter: 12s Cryo (2 units)
Hilichurl Berserker (Pyro Club): Single hit applied 12s (2 units), multi-hit dash applies 9.5s each hit (1 unit)
Unlike when testing on an enemy, these are exact frame values. There seems to be a slight delay on when Elements appear over an enemy's head. For example, if you cause a reaction on an enemy, the reaction text will appear one or two frames before the Element appears over their head. Also, at the end of an Element's duration, it slowly pulses and fades out, making it difficult to find the exact frame at which it disappears.
On our own characters, the Element does not fade out, but immediately disappears between frames. This allows us to more precisely measure Elemental durations: for example, there are precisely 720 frames between the Electro appearing above my health bar when I am shot by an Electro Shooter, and the Electro disappearing from my health bar when it times out. So it lasts exactly 720 / 60 = 12s.
Enemy Skills also "fix" the decay rate the same as our Skills. In this example, I am hit by a 2 unit Pyro, then 11 seconds later I am hit by a 1 unit Pyro. The Pyro aura lasts precisely 6 seconds from the point I am hit with the 1 unit Pyro. This matches the behaviour we see ourselves when going 2u -> 1u; we have 1 unit still decaying at the 2 unit rate of 6s and 12s.
Enemy Skills follow the same reaction reductions we do. In this example, I use Hilichurl Shooters to perform a Reverse Melt on myself. The Pyro Shooter applies 2 Pyro to me, then the Cryo Shooter applies 2 Cryo. Since this is a Reverse Melt, the reduction is 0.5x2 so 1 unit reduced. The Pyro lasts a total of 4.5 seconds from initial application to falling off, so the Melt reaction reduced the timer by 7.5 seconds. This matches the behaviour for a 1 unit reduction.
In addition, the reduction of 7.5s is a precise frame count. This is the "taxless" value, compared to the "taxed" value of 6s. This allows us to calculate the exact value of the so-called "Aura Tax": 6/7.5 = 0.8. This confirms our theory that the Tax is roughly 80%, that is exactly correct.
This allows us to more precisely measure frames on reactions due to the way friendly auras appear clearer than enemy auras. Since enemies can have 1 or 2 unit attacks, it's possible some enemies have 4 unit attacks for Elements we have previously not been able to test with 4 units. There may even be 3-unit enemies. This opens up more possible reactions we can test.
Geo Aura Investigation
Geo "aura" investigation.
There exists a Geo aura in some enemies (Geo Hypostasis, Shielded Large Geo Slime, Armored Stonehide Lawachurl and Armoed Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer) and in the Petrified status from Zhongli's Elemental Burst. This aura possesses some interesting properties:
Opponents who have this aura have a Geo symbol above them, which can also appear above special boss-like health-bars, and they also have the Geo color when looked at with the Elemental Sight. YouTube
The aura is completely inert; not even Crystallize can be triggered. Geo aura can co-exist with other Elements. YouTube
Geo attacks don't apply the Geo aura. YouTube
You can still cause a Crystallize reaction on an opponent with the Geo aura if you apply an Element and then hit with a Geo attack. YouTube
Zhongli Hold E doesn't deplete the Geo aura from Petrification. YouTube
Geo aura doesn't have natural decay. It lasts until a status is removed (e.g. Petrification duration ends, or the Geo Shield/Armor is broken)
Depletion of "GU" from Geo shields/armors should probably be attributed to the shield/armor mechanics, and not the Geo aura itself.
Better understanding of the Elements.
Elemental Node Infusion Has ICD
Elemental Nodes and Infusion Stones have a 3-Hit ICD per target.
YouTube (credit to)
Adding this mechanic into the TCL from the wiki. Prolonged fights with Elemental Nodes and Infusion Stones won't require you to repeatedly purge off their infusion if you can clear it.
Enemy Elemental Gauge
Enemies apply Elemental Auras that use the same system as Elemental Gauge Theory for units. Enemy aura application is significantly more accurate due to the delay on aura icon when testing on enemies. In addition, auras on units will disappear immediately rather than flickering, and confirm the hypothesis that there is an 80% aura "tax."
General Enemy Interactions
Interrupting Enemies Causes Phantom Attacks
Interrupting enemies during an attack can cause them to produce phantom attacks, which can sometimes still deal damage.
Watch out for enemy attacks if they were interrupted.
Enemies Actually Burrow
Characters marks (Riptide, Talisman, Blood Blossom, etc.) show that some enemies that burrow actually dive subsurface, before teleporting to the other side to emerge (disapparating). The evidence list also includes instances of burrowing enemies beyond this specific interaction (e.g. not all actually dives).
Ruin Destroyer dives 2 times
Large Dendro Slime
Theres also a brief moment after resurfacing that the Oceanid has no hitbox indicated by the mark (around 0:07), screenshot here
Dendro Slimes (both miniature and large)
Hu Taos Blood Blossom
Hydro Hypostasis Dolphin
Hydro Hypostasis Concentrated Drop
Its worth noting here that as soon as the hitbox disappears, a new collision box immediately spawns on the other side, pushing Hu Tao slightly, before a new hitbox is spawned and the mark is visible again.
La Signora special sprint but its actually apparition
Another interesting one, they managed to proc riptide while she was teleporting.
YouTube - courtesy of Henna-Oyajii.
The C4 Childe 8-9s later also interestingly shows that shes technically there but the hitbox is not there, double-confirming that as long as the mark is visible, the hitbox exists.
Better understanding over their burrowing/diving animations. Its interesting nonetheless that one dives further down, the other just kinda stays near surface, and another barely dives.
Group 0 they exhibit expected behaviors of a dive: none
Group 1 to purgatory and back:
Geovishap Hatchlings (do note that hatchings do eventually disapparate)
Group 2 dives decently far down (sorted by decreasing levels of depth [from eyeballing]) but do not technically disapparate:
Primo Geovishap (initial dive) worth noting that the mark do disapparate and is not always subterranean. Gr.1 shows that the hitbox can travel very far down before disapparating.
Group 3 stays/dives barely subterranean:
Primo Geovishaps (the scuba dive) basically you can see them do their stuff and the mark is visible
Group 4 they stay barely subterranean but also have 2 hitboxes:
Azhdaha in tail form, please refer to this Vault entry.
Group 5 they should be (barely) subsurface but the mark says otherwise:
Pyro Hypostasis (animal shifting)
Hydro Hypostasis (Dolphin dive/jump)
Group 6 they technically burrow/plunge and remains subsurface briefly, then they disapparates:
Group 7 they do plunge or dive subsurface, but its straight-up apparition (technically theres a split second when the mark is underground, but for most of the dives, the mark just disapparates instead):
Pyro Hypostasis (dive after Bull charge)
Hydro Hypostasis (fist dive)
Note: The difference between group 6 and 7 is only the distance and/or time spent underground. Technically, all of them disapparate.
Fluff since you cant actually do anything during the whole process anyway. Other than Azhdaha in the tail form (which attacks have been shown to be able to register on the subterranean hitbox), whether they can be hit or have an actual hitbox for attacks to register, especially by Ayakas CA is out of the scope of this ticket.
La Signoras special sprints (butterfly sprint, tornado sprint, etc.) does not have a hitbox, but rather a moving collision box (or something, not sure, C4 Childe shows shes there but mark doesnt show), as evidenced above. The same can be posited/hypothesized for other bosses as well, despite only 1 video being able to showcase it clearly (the Hu Tao vs Hydro Hypostasis).
Geovishap Hatchlings are confirmed to be enemies from hell or purgatory or something.
Marks And Statuses
The visual indicator of the Conductive status does not behave similar to character-produced marks.
Lisas Conductive mark did not travel down to purgatory along with the Geovishap Hatchling while character-produced marks do burrow with them, as seen in Enemy Actually Burrow
This may or may not imply that Marks & Statuses are different, in that the visual indicator of character-produced statuses (Implode, Conductive, etc.) does not behave similar to character-produced marks (Riptide, Blood Blossom, etc.)
Further testing should be done on the Implode status (Xiangling C2) but that requires strict timing to determine whether the trend is probable.
The de-aggro distance for Overworld enemies differs between them and is not a specific number, but rather a range from their spawn.
The distances are calculated using all 3 axis of the Genshin coordinate system from this Vault Entry.
Testing method: Video
Use the Adventure Handbook to identify enemy spawn.
Get coordinates of the spawn location.
Take note of the location at which the enemy de-aggros (involves stopping to attack and going back to spawn).
Get coordinates of the current location.
Summary: Google Sheet
Insight into the behavior and mechanics of enemies in the Overworld.
Elemental Reactions Effects on Buried Dendro Slime
Underground Dendro Slimes don't take damage from non-Pyro based Elemental Reactions. Those Reactions still occur and effects associated with them like Viridescent Venerer debuff, Superconduct debuff, Frozen and Crystallize still apply.
Frozen, Superconduct, Electro-Charged
Shatter (Geo and Claymore)
Superconduct debuff by
Significance: Documentation of enemy mechanics.
Some Enemy CC is Level Dependent
Some enemy CC, notably Hydro bubbles from large Slimes, enemy aura disorders, and Abyss Mages, and Cryo ice cages from enemy aura disorders, do not apply to characters over 20 levels higher than the enemy. Some CC, notably succ from Anemo Samachurls, Mirror Maiden Traps, and Dendro barriers, apply regardless of character and enemy level.
Level dependent (Xiao/Sucrose/Kazuha Lvl. 90 free, Fischl/Yun Jin Lvl. 70/40 trapped):
Hydro Slime (bubble)
Hydro Abyss Mage (bubble)
Cryo Slime (cage)
Level independent (Sucrose Lvl. 90 trapped or affected, Yun Jin Lvl. 40 trapped or affected):
Mirror Maide (cage)
Dendro Samachurl (vine)
Anemo Samachurl (tornado)
20 levels higher:
19, 20, and 21 level difference
Even more Ws for when you're absolutely carrying your low AR friends. Maybe helpful for revisiting lower Abyss floors when achievement grinding.
General Boss Interactions
Freeze Interaction on Boss Enemies
Triggering a Freeze reaction on a boss entity does not create a Frozen aura on the entity, but consumes the Hydro and Cryo auras typically used to produce a Frozen aura.
The Freeze reaction displays 'Freeze' text but only results in both Cryo and Hydro auras used to typically produce the Freeze reaction being consumed. Video
Ability to apply a Pyro aura immediately after means that there is no invisible Cryo/Hydro aura. Video
Freeze teams and Melt/vape teams that function off the Freeze aura will perform significantly worse in boss scenarios. Considering that Freeze teams typically run Blizzard Strayer set, triggering a Freeze on a boss not only does not produce a Freeze aura, but also consumes Cryo aura. The end result is that Freeze only functions to remove Cryo aura from bosses, making the Blizzard Strayer 4PC effect useless if you are triggering Freeze often. For Melt/vape teams, they will be unable to trigger melts off the Frozen aura (since it cannot exist on bosses). This also results in the inability to take advantage of underlying Hydro aura after a Melt reaction on a Frozen entity.
Weekly Boss Animation Skipping
The camera movement of some weekly boss animations can be skipped through Elemental bursts, claymore CAs, or swapping characters.
All skips work on Signora's initial animation:
All skips work on Azdaha's initial animation:
All skips work on Azdaha's transform animation:
All Skips work on Andrius's initial and transform animations.
Burst, Claymore CA, and Swap
Skips do not seem to work on Dvalin's scream animation.
Claymore CA didn't cancel Dvalin Scream
Only the claymore CA skip works on Dvalin's falling animation.
This may assist in shortening the time required to kill weekly bosses, as well as confirm that Dvalin is freaky and doesn't follow any logic.
Andrius, Wolf of the North.
How to skip Phase 2 transformation
Andrius wolf boss Phase 2 HP cut-off is at 60% - HOWEVER, Andrius will keep staying in Phase 1 if you manage to Burst him down below 30%.
Spreadsheet of tests
Andrius Phase 2 HP Cut-off. An easier visual cue for the cut-off when Andrius starts to dash is when his HP bar is around the big "r" in top Dominator and small "o" in bottom "of'' (from now on, I'll call the top row as big "letter" and the bottom row as small "letter")
Phase Skip HP Cut-off. The left clip showcases a successful run, while the right one was unsuccessful (I trimmed it short but you can see Andrius starts to dash right away in the right clip), note that the starting HP before I did my Mona Q Burst was different (Andrius in right clip had more HP than left clip, probably ~30k HP). Andrius HP at the end of the 2 clips were really close, and if you look closely, an easier visual cue is around the big "," after top Andrius and small "r" in bottom Andrius.
If you dread Andrius phase 2 and you have the ability to skip it, now you can do so!
Azhdaha in his Tail Form has Two Independent Hitboxes
Azhdaha's Tail Form has Two Independent Hitboxes
C4 Lisa Ult, which has a large verticality, tags Two Hitboxes of Azhdaha during his Tail Phase, the Tail and, presumably, his Body underground, causing multiple damage values due to Lisa C4 allowing multiple entities to be tagged.
Abilities that have large verticality and the property of being able to tag multiple entities, notably Lisa C4 Lightning Rose, can expedite Azhdaha killtimes.
Azhdaha's Element Is The Same For All Regions
Azhdaha's elements are the same across servers/regions and change weekly on mondays.
Data was collected using google forms, all submissions were checked with the screenshot attached with the form. All submissions had the same elements selected on each week, submissions were from multiple regions as seen in the pie chart.
Co-op cannot be used to have a more favorable/easier Elemental matchup against azhdaha as the his infused elements in a given week are the same for all players.
You Can't Melt Signora Off Field
When Signora is in her ice cocoon phase, the character dealing damage must be on-field for the Crimson Lotus Moth's effect to Melt Signora's cocoon.
Shown here with Xiangling (Guoba) and Fischl (Oz): YouTube
Shown here with Kaeya Burst: YouTube
Shown here with Zhongli Pillar: YouTube
Better understanding of La Signora's Crimson Lotus Moth mechanic.
Details on Signora Damage Cap
In Signora's boss domain fight, this was stated in the Leyline.
When Signora sustains a single instance of DMG that exceeds a certain percentage of her Max HP, all DMG beyond that percentage will be nullified. After this, Signora will unleash a wave of cold air or heat that will cause characters to rapidly accumulate the corresponding temperature status. She will also launch a ferocious counterattack against active characters.
The per instance damage cap for Signora's both phases are different. For the first phase, the cap is 30%, or 111671 DMG. Her max HP here is 371003 HP.
For her second phase, her per instance damage cap is instead 20%, or 149143 DMG. Her max HP in this phase is 742006 HP.
Max HP was referenced from Honey Impact.
Vaporizing Tartaglia's weaker ranged Burst hit the cap - YouTube
At 0:10, Childe's Burst got capped at exactly 111671.
At 0:39, Childe's Burst got capped at exactly 149143.
Vaporizing Tartaglia's stronger melee Burst hit the cap, dealing the same damage as when ranged - YouTube
At 0:10, Childe's Burst got capped at exactly 111671.
At 0:27, Childe's Burst got capped at exactly 149143
We now know what is the exact percentage for the cap.
Stormterror DoT Damage Cap
Stormterror's DoT floor attack has a damage cap. The damage is not based on the active character's HP. However, it does take into account the active character's DEF, Anemo RES, and any Damage Reduction buffs.
25121 Max HP and 789 DEF
22928 Max HP and 789 DEF
In both videos, the DoT maxes out at 3455 damage per tick, showing that Max HP does not affect the damage.
20970 Max HP and 733 DEF
20970 Max HP and 681 DEF
The DoT deals 3590 damage in the first video, and 3725 damage in the second, showing that DEF affects damage.
20970 Max HP, 733 DEF, Protective Canopy Elemental Resonance
The DoT deals 3051 damage, showing that Elemental RES affects damage.
Xingqiu with and without Rainswords
The DoT first deals 3031 damage. After casting Xingqiu's Skill, the DoT deals 2152 damage until all Rainswords break, then deals 3031 damage again.
Better understanding of Dvalin's DoT attack and how it calculates damage.
You Can Apply Hydro to Dvalin
You can now apply a Hydro aura to Dvalin, allowing Hu Tao to vape.
Previously unable to apply Hydro, now able. Fluff.
The Shogun / Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto
Raiden Boss Oneshot Mechanics
Finding & Evidence:
Oneshot ignores shields - YouTube
Oneshot can not be parried - YouTube
Oneshot can not be dash i-framed - YouTube #1, YouTube #2, YouTube #3
Oneshot can be Burst i-framed - YouTube
100% damage reduction does not reduce damage taken by oneshot - YouTube
Some Skills with i-frames can dodge the oneshot (mona hold E) - YouTube
Taunts can not be marked by oneshot - YouTube
Unmarked oneshot damage can be absorbed by shields - YouTube
Marked target is not affected by Proximity - YouTube #1, YouTube #2, YouTube #3
Marked target for oneshot seems to be based on number of hits or amount of damage done to Shogun in some timeframe (more testing needed) - YouTube #1, YouTube #2, YouTube #3
Taunts do not sustain damage from the oneshot - YouTube
Oneshot can be Burst i-framed - YouTube #1, YouTube #2
Always does a fixed 1 damage to targets in bubble shield - YouTube
Damage does not ignore shields when in bubble shield - YouTube
Parry instance gets staggered mid-animation, but shield prevents fixed 1 damage - YouTube
Dash i-frame in bubble shield does not prevent fixed 1 damage - YouTube #1, YouTube #2
Bubble shield must be triggered before oneshot slash animation - YouTube
The person who gets marked is not rng and is instead based on either number of hits or damage contribution in a non-specified set of time. Requires more testing.
On marked targets, the usage of shields, taunts, parries, damage reduction, and dashes will not prevent/reduce oneshot damage. Other forms of invincibility frames from both Bursts and Skills can prevent oneshot damage.
On other unmarked Co-op targets, a shield does help absorb oneshot damage.
Inside the bubble barrier, the fixed 1 damage makes 1hp runs hard or impossible on some characters.
The oneshot in and out of shield share different mechanics. Parries will not work but the shields created can absorb the 1 damage taken.
Other evidence suggests that dash invincibility frames either do not work at all against Raiden boss oneshot, or are not animation dependant.
Musou no Hitotachi pushes characters upward
Musou no Hitotachi can yeet characters upward. By getting above the boss through xiao's jump, kazuha's Skill, or keqing's Skill, or venti's Skill the character will be pushed upward due to this, allowing them to dodge the attack and get far above the boss.
Xiao jump - YouTube
Keqing Skill - YouTube
Venti Skill - YouTube
Cool way to dodge the attack.
Anemo Hypostasis self-Swirl in rain
Finding: Adequately getting rid of overworld Hydro on the Anemo Hypostasis results in it continuously Swirling itself, this damages the cube and applies Hydro to nearby characters. This can be easily done with 2U Cryo application, as seen in the evidence. Non-sufficient Cryo application does not result in this occurring.
0:00 Chongyun E
0:25 Kaeya E
0:30 Aloy Q
0:35 Qiqi Q
0:45 Chongyun Q
0:54 Less than 2U Cryo application not working.
1:19 Bennett, Diona and Raiden E not working.
2 Baron Bunnies have enough Pyro app. to wipe the Hydro and start the Swirl conundrum.
Significance: Free damage on the cube.
Pyronado and Cryo Regisvine Hurtbox Interaction
Cryo Regisvine possibly has 2 hurtboxes/1 extended hurtbox for its main body and 1 more SEPARATE hurtbox for the core that Xiangling's Pyronado cannot reach.
Imgur: Pyronado hits twice per rotation, including at times where it makes no contact with the Regisvine.
Upon casting Pyronado, there were instances where Pyronado was far enough from the Regisvine such that no contact was being made and yet, damage was being dealt. This leads me to believe that there is either 1 extended hurtbox, or 2 hurtboxes when the Regisvine is in the vulnerable state.
Imgur: XL does 1U to core HP
In's video, upon casting Pyronado, only the 1st initial swing applied Pyro, whereas Pyronado does not. This is firstly due to the first 3 swings having standard ICD and hence only 1 applies Pyro. Secondly, it also shows that Pyronado is unable to reach the hurtbox of the core, supporting the theory.
This ticket is derivative of's original ticket linked here: Link
You cannot rely solely on Pyronado to break Cryo Regisvine's core.
Genshin spaghetti at its finest.
Emperor of Fire and Iron
Some Hydro Attacks Don't Work on Fire Crab
Finding: Some attacks dont work against the boss Emperor of Fire and Iron
Evidence: Google Sheet
The boss requires you to hit the horns in order to get rid of the shield, the problem is that those horns tend to be a bit high for most characters, this means you are gonna have to wait to hit during its attacks.
Best characters are neuv, koko and mona because of their notable large aoe and worst is traveler, skill requires scuffed aiming and burst cant hit 99% of the time
Character that have large AOE or can directly aim at the horns will have a significant advantage.
Another thing of note is the autotargeting point is located on the bottom part of the boss meaning character with homing would have to positioned in a way that the horns are in their pathing and characters with attacks that originate from that point would need to aoe for it to hit the horns
Geo Traveler's E can break Geo Hypostasis Pillar
Placing a boulder underneath the Geo Hypostasis at the start of the battle will cause the middle pillar to break. This then has a chance to cause the Hypostasis to do a hammer attack on the player.
This speeds up the fight by making the Geo Hypostasis vulnerable, without having to spend extra effort to break the pillars. Keep in mind though that the vulnerability windows derived from using this method is shorter.
Rifthound Skulls Charging
Rifthounds skulls need 3 Geo GU to be charged. They also can be charged with other elements, but it requires 38 attacks to be charged and does not depend on GU at all. Physical DMG is useless.
38 Sucrose attacks: YouTube
For those that enjoy suffering.
Maguu Kenki Hitlag Audio Desync
Kenki's Attacks can be desynced from the Audio Cue present with his slashes, and the Clone Attacks, via hitlag.
This makes it way harder to dodge because the Audio Cue is now early, tricking the player into dodging early. In addition, the Clone Attack will also be faster than the Kenki Attack, resulting in an almost impossible to dodge attack since both Slashes are at different timings and the sprint i-frame is not long enough.
Maguu Kenki Phase Change HP Threshold Update
Maguu Kenki's 2nd phase doesn't start at 75% HP, but at 70%.
YouTube - Maguu Kenki HP (lvl. 91, WL7) is 498640 according to the Genshin Impact Mob HP and Particle Threshold Database. In the video, Itto deals 55766 + 55766 + 19044 = 130576 total DMG, which translates to 26.2% of Maguu Kenki's total HP. Yet, the boss doesn't shift phases before more DMG is dealt, proving that the current threshold is incorrect. This is further supported by the fact that Maguu Kenki releases a Clear Orb at 75% HP in the video, but doesn't change phases then.
Imgur - The correct threshold calculations: Looking at the HP bar, we see that the boss changes phases at approximately 713/1012 = 70.5% HP according to the attached image. In-game, the threshold is most likely exactly 70%.
Updating the boss info.
Maguu Kenki Phase 2 Trigger Correction
Maguu Kenki's 2nd phase doesn't start at 70% HP, but at 71%.
TCL currently says the 2nd phase threshold is likely exactly 70%. At WL8 lv93 maguu kenki has 524355 HP, so to reach 70% you'd need 157307 damage, and to reach 71% you'd need 152063 damage.
In this video, raiden and venti did a total of 34951+9658+12259+6446+4376+12259+6446+9658+12259+14228+9658+12259+126+126+275+325+162+162+190+190+275+325+162+126+126+275+488+162+243+314+126+126+275+325+162+162+126+126+275+325+162+162+314+126+126+275+325+243=152270 damage to trigger the p2 transition, which is just a little bit past the 71% threshold, but not nearly enough to reach the 70% threshold, proving that maguu kenki p2 starts at 71% HP, not 70%.
Another in-game eviden by: YouTube.
This finding is also supported by datamine.
Getting to Maguu Kenki's phase 2 is actually harder than you think.
Perpetual Mechanical Array
PMA and Polearm CA interactions
Polearm users with Charged Attacks that have bullet-like animations (including Zhongli), cannot hit Perpetual Mechanical Array (PMA) in its Energy Cannon Mode consistently.
This is likely due to collision which pushes the character below the hitbox, thus missing the attack. This can be seen as there are visual indicators of the camera shifting down in the videos.
If your main DPS relies on Charged Attacks for damage and has the bullet-like animation mentioned, it might be better to avoid using Charged Attacks until the PMA changes states to prevent a DPS loss.
PMA Minions and Kill Trigger Interactions
Defeating PMA minions won't proc any kill-based effects, similar to Specters.
Blackcliff: the ATK for all three test stayed 2916 after defeating minions.
Kaeya C2: starts at 0:03, ends at 0:11, which means the 2.5 second extension for defeating one enemy did not proc.
4pc Bloodstained: no stamina for Charged Attacks passive does not proc.
White Iron Greatsword: healing passive doesn't proc.
Twin Nephite: no indicator for speedboost and ATK stayed 626 before and after kill.
Proof it's not just ruin minions in general: video
Blackcliff does proc
Kaeya Q at 0:02, about 2.5 seconds pause from opening character screen, expires at 0:15
So, overall it lasted 10.5 seconds, which means C2 proc'd
PMA is a very annoying enemy, literally the predecessor of Specters.
Helpful for peeps to stop coping with Blackcliff when trying to do PMA nukes
Shield Reflection Mechanics
Shields from different elements/characters/weapons provide different damage during Primo Geovishap shield reflect mechanic.
Let's call damage dealt by this attack "Reflect".
Reflect values are (exactly!):
Geo Shield (Noelle E) -> 15%
Same Element shield -> 15%
Different Element shield -> 5%
Crystallized shield -> 5% or 15% - depending on Element
The Bell claymore -> 5%
Noelle A2 passive -> 15%
When does reflect happen:
Shield does not break -> reflect
Shield pops on taking damage without death (like a2 noelle passive) -> reflect + knockback from getting hit (character)
Shield pops on taking damage with death -> no reflect, shield sustains
Shield breaks -> no reflect and you take the excessive damage
Character too far away -> no reflect
Factors that do not affect the result (assuming shield will sustain)
enemy resistances (VV shred)
character shield strength
DEF% reduction applied to the enemy (c2 klee, c4 razor, a4 lisa) - tested c4 razor
World Level, it's always 15% or 5% HP no matter the enemy level
Co-Op (single player) affects the damage but only because of HP scaling - the damage is still 15% or 5% HP
Additionally, in coop, if all characters have the same type of shield (C2 Diona, 4x Noelle with E up), the damage reflected is still the same. However, should there be more than one type of shields during reflect then the damage is summed. For example using Beidou E + Zhongli E on Hydro Primo Geovishap reflect will result with 20% reflected damage.
Level 93 primo geovishap, it has:
Therefore, 15% is 117979.909656 and 5% is 39326.6365521.
Video showing 1 HP primo geovishap getting slain by Barbara - Video
Hydro Primo Geovishap vs Xinyan - 5% - Video
Hydro Primo Geovishap vs Noelle - 15% - Video
The Bell autoshield mechanic - 5% - Video
VV does not affect the damage - Video
DEF reduction does not affect the damage - Video
Reflect has a range - Video
WL does not matter - Video
C4 Kaeya shield on-dmg taken - no DMG reflected due to shield being too weak - Video
Coop: 2x Zhongli, each with their own shield - 15% - Video
Coop: Beidou + Zhongli dealt 5% + 15% percent - Video
Xinyan lvl 60, no artis/weapons - not enough shield HP for reflect - Video
Legend of the Vagabond Sword:
Noelle vs reduced backlash + 175% HP - Video
Noelle vs +175%hp - Video
Might play a major role if at any point we'll have Primo Geovishaps inside the abyss and people will struggle with it.
Reflecting Primo Geovishap Shower can be Swap Cancelled
When attempting to reflect the Primo Geovishap's Primordial Shower with a shield, swapping at the right time can cause the shower attack to not be reflected.
Better understanding of the Primordial Shower.
Pyronado Can Hit Wenut Balls
Finding: The Wenut's Anemo Orbs (Windbite Bullets) have a larger hitbox than what their visuals indicate.
Pyronado and Venti for height reference: https://imgur.com/gallery/E7lsCG4
Significance: Frequently-hitting attacks that stick mostly to the ground such as Pyronado or Sanctifying Ring can also be sufficient to Paralyze the Wenut from its Floating State.
Abyss Herald Cooldown Mechanics
The Abyss Herald's cooldown increase debuff is triggered when you are hit by these two attacks:
A cross Hydro beam.
Flurry of slashes before firing Hydro beams in all directions, only happens in phase 2 (after he shields up)
The cooldown debuff increases all current Elemental Skill/Burst cooldowns by 6 seconds to all members of your party, not just the character who got hit. The cooldown increase is an additive 6 seconds and independent of how long the original cooldown of the Skill/Burst is. The cooldown debuff also only affect Elemental Skills/Bursts that are already on cooldown, so Skills/Bursts that were not on cooldown when you are inflicted with the cooldown debuff do not have increased cooldowns when you activate them. The cooldown debuff also has no effect on the CD reduction stat (unlike Slowing Waters).
The cooldown debuff can be avoided by shield and Elemental Burst i-frames.
Cross Hydro beam increases Skill cooldown by 6s
Cross Hydro beam increases Burst cooldown by 6s
Cross beam increasing both Skill and Burst cooldown by 6s
Flurry to beams increases cooldown by 6
Cooldown increase affects everyone in the party, not just the character who got hit
Using your Burst after getting hit is ok, so debuff only affect abilities already on cooldown.
Debuff doesnt affect CD reduction stat
Shields block the cooldown debuff
Burst i-frames block the cooldown debuff
Showing other attacks don't have the cooldown debuff:
Phase 1 combo doesnt increase cooldown
Beyblade attack doesnt increase cooldown
Regular Hydro beam doesnt increase cooldown
Phase transition explosion doesnt affect cooldown
Phase 2 combo doesnt increase cooldown
Better understanding of Abyss Herald mechanics, and which attacks in particular to dodge in order to avoid the cooldown debuff.
Hydro Abyss Mage bubble persists on swap
The bubble from the Hydro Abyss Mages and their Hydro bubble spawning mechanic can be effectively i-framed by swapping characters at the precise moment. However, the Hydro bubble will persist on the character that was initially hit for approximately 5 seconds
Dash i-frames do not always work against the bubbles, especially for the abyss mage ones which home onto the character even after iframing through it. While the character initially hit still takes damage from the bubble, the dangerous CC effect of the bubble can be ignored, which makes dealing with the bubbles without ult i-frames a lot easier.
Rifthound Knockdown Mechanics
In order for an attack to knock down the rifthounds, the attack needs to apply a sufficient amount of vertical knock up.
Rifthounds (big ones, not the whelps) can be forced into a state where they are prone or "knocked down". Here are the current interactions that consistently do so.
Jean Hold E (Credits to)
Note: Need to aim Skill upwards.
Klee CA (Credits to)
Bennett Skill (Level 2-Hold)
Note: Hold E Level 1 will not work. (Shown in Video)
Diluc Burst (Credits to)
Note: Only the final hit will work.
Better understanding of enemy interactions.
Corrosion Damage Mechanics
Corrosion damage stacks are independent of each other, lasts for 10 seconds, deals 10 total ticks of damage, and are linearly dependent on your unit's max HP
Evidence 1: Tests were done with the exact same units being inflicted with 1, 2, and 3 stacks of corrosion and the difference in health were recorded. Not all data points were recorded to reduce testing time, but the data points we do have shows that:
Each tick damage is constant for each character as long as no additional stacks are acquired when stacks already exist
Characters with higher HP take more tick damage
Tick damage is unrelated to current HP unless off-field and below the HP threshold in corrosion description
Proportionally, characters with lower max HP lose more % of their max HP per second
Tick damage is additive based on stacks, for example the tick damage from 3 stacks is 3 times the amount of the damage from 1 stack
Raw data is attached as an excel file and videos are included below:
Corrosion DMG Calc: Spreadsheet
Evidence 2: Since tick damage has been established as constant, I've included data from @Lindon and transcribed max HP vs tick damage into a table (attached). These values were used in a linear regression using the following R code:
This produces a linear equation of tickdamage = 75.09 + 0.004993 maxhp
Decimal points here are likely due to rounding issues, since there can be a variation of 1 HP in the corrosion ticks. Rounded to a reasonable number, the equation will instead be tickdamage = 75 + 0.005 maxhp or 75 + 0.5% max HP
Tick DMG: Spreadsheet
Proves that max HP is the only variable that determines the amount of damage you take from each tick of corrosion, and that tick damage from corrosion stacks is completely independent of each other. Characters with higher HP will take more damage overall, while characters with lower max HP take lower tick damage but loses a higher proportion of their health.
Bonus: Predicted HP loss per stack based on character max HP using the equation above
1k HP -> 800hp/stack
5k HP -> 1000hp/stack
10k HP -> 1250hp/stack
20k HP -> 1750hp/stack
30k HP -> 2250hp/stack
50k HP -> 3250hp/stack
These values are total loss per stack, for damage per tick simply divide each number by 10.
Corrosion damage mechanics update
Each corrosion stack from Rifthounds does 0.5% max HP damage, once per second for 10 total ticks, dealing 5% of max HP in total.
Corrosion from big and small Rifthounds deal the same damage.
Stacks are additive and independent.
Does 0.5% max HP damage to Zhongli, and off-field party, through his shield: imgur
Big and small Rifthounds deal the same damage: imgur
Multiple stacks deal damage with independent durations and independent damage tick intervals: imgur
Better understanding of Corrosion status.
Mirror Maiden Mechanics
Mirror Maiden has two states she can be in.
First state can be CC'ed, staggered, yeet'ed by Jean. Teleport can be prevented by T2 and above stagger. I'll call it "Weak" state for simplicity.
Second state can not be CC'ed, staggered, yeet'ed. She has exactly the same immunities Fatui Skirmishers have with Energy armour up. Expect you can't drain MM's Energy armour in any way, it is permanent. Has 5 attacks. Teleport can no be prevented. I'll call it "Strong" state. Official name is "Polarized" or something like that.
In "Weak" state she has only 3 basic attacks. First attack will summon 3 mirrors in triangular pattern, with at least one mirror's hitbox always reaching active character. Mirrors explode after short delay. Second attack is 1 to 3 waterballs that travel in a straight line. Third one is special, as it triggers automatically when MM is hit in melee. She can be staggered and it will still be cast. This attack summons only one mirror directly underneath her that will explode after very short delay.
If any of mirror explosion attacks hit active character, he becomes marked. After marking a character, the next thing MM will do is enter "Strong" state. Waterballs hit do not mark the character, only mirror explosions do. After marking a character, MM's aggro is permanently set on him. She will not switch to taunts like Baron Bunny and will keep targeting the active character.
Shields do not prevent getting marked. Jean/Bennet can't cleanse "marked" state.
When MM uses her teleport move, she will randomly teleport in front of the active character or behind him. There are no set patterns, it's pure random. This is true for both states. Environment can displace her slightly to the sides.
Video - Jean can not cleanse "marked" state, even though she can cleanse Childe and Azhada's marks. This is because MM's mark is not tied to Elemental aura being applied to you. It's just a permanent trigger.
Video - Animation of Mirror Maiden entering "Strong" state. Note the 4-leaf thingamajig on Jean. it symbolizes the "marked" state on a character.
Video - Mirror Maiden in "weak" state being yeet'ed by Jean.
Video - Mirror Maiden in "weak" state being ragdoll'ed by Overload.
Video - MM's third attack in "weak" state where she auto-summons a mirror to punish greedy apes.
Don't be an ape. Don't get hit by attacks with clear visual indication and clear 'tells'. Don't be greedy. MM in "weak" state deals significantly less damage and is much easier to control.
Escape Mirror Maiden trap
Some characters and abilities can escape the Fatui mirror maiden's trap.
Albedo (elevator up, elevator despawn)
Ayaka (N5, alternate sprint)
Bennett (Skill at charge level 2)
Geo MC (climb pre-placed meteorite, meteorite despawn)
Hu Tao (charged attack, unique sprint)
Keqing (N5, Skill recast)
Lisa (N3/N4 teleport)
Mona (N3, hold Skill, alternate sprint)
Rosaria (charged attack, skill)
Sayu (hold Skill)
Venti (hold Skill)
Xiangling (charged attack)
Xiao (skill, enhanced jump during Burst)
Zhongli (charged attack, climb pre-placed pillar, pillar despawn)
Overworld (climb object, get knocked out by enemy)
All evidence uploaded to Imgur and listed here: Spreadsheet
Helpful for Spiral Abyss floor 12.
Standing on Geo MC E Skill Restricts Mitachurls to Slime-Throwing Attacks Only
Standing on top of a construct restricts Mitachurls to slime throwing attack only.
Melee Can Stun Ruin Guards
Some attacks other than fully-charged bow CAs can stun Ruin Guards. This includes various Skills, Bursts, and other melee attacks. Some attacks can only stun Ruin Guards when the character is standing on something (e.g. GMC Skill).
Beidou (elevated by GMC Skill): YouTube
Diluc (elevated by GMC Skill): YouTube (Kawaii)
Chongyun (elevated by GMC Skill): YouTube
Bullet-like CAs: Imgur
Razor (Hold): YouTube
Bennett (Charge Level 2): YouTube
Kaeya (without GMC Skill): YouTube
GMC (elevated by GMC Skill): YouTube
Xingqiu (elevated by GMC Skill): YouTube
Kaeya (elevated by GMC Skill): YouTube
Chongyun A4: YouTube
This list is not exhaustive and any attack can theoretically stun the Ruin Guard if its core is low enough for the attack to reach it.
Limited practical usage, mostly fluff.
Polearm Charge Attacks Don't Register On Stunned Ruin Guards
Polearm users' CA that have a "leaping forward" animation won't register on a stunned Ruin Guard, if you attack right in front of it.
Tested with Zhongli, Hutao, Xiao, & Xiangling. If you CA anywhere in front of the Ruin Guard's feet or groin, it won't go through. Your N1 still hits but the CA will not follow through. If you CA from the rear or behind, it will still register as normal. Other users confirmed that this is true for Rosaria, too. Only Xiao CA doesn't have that problem, because his CA doesn't have a "leaping forward" animation.
Video: Zhongli test
Video: Hutao test
Video: Xiangling test
Video: Xiao test
Both Ruin Hunter and Ruin Grader don't have this problem. My guess is because their feet hit boxes (or rather unhittable boxes) don't "expand" during their stunned models. Also, no other weapons have this problem with Ruin Guard.
If you stun a Ruin Guard and your main carry is a spear user, you might want to watch your footing.
Ruin Guard Jump Blocking
Ruin Guards can jump over Geo Traveler's Wake of Earth walls, but cannot jump over Geo MC's Starfell Sword meteorites. However, while Wake of Earth's walls cannot block the Ruin Guard, they can sometimes interfere with its jump, making it land farther away from the player than it normally should.
Better knowledge of Ruin Guard combat through enemy movement manipulation with Geo MC
Swap Dodge Confused Missiles
When at least 25m (5 Abyss tiles) away from a Ruin Guard using its seeking-missile attack, a well-timed character swap during the 400+ ms targeting animation will remove missile target seeking. Within 24m, Ruin Guards, Ruin Destroyers, and Ruin Defenders targeted attacks can be dodged with a well-timed character swap in the 16-64 ms targeting window.
Beyond 25m, you can dodge Ruin Guard missiles by swapping as soon as the target reticle animation starts: Imgur
Within 24m, the missiles still target seek if swapped after the target reticle animation starts: Imgur
Within 24m, you can dodge Ruin Guard missiles by swapping just before the 4th missile pulse: Imgur
Within 24m, you can dodge Ruin Defender jump by swapping just as it starts jumping upwards: Imgur
Within 24m, you can dodge Ruin Destroyer tunnel explosion by swapping just as it fully disappears: Imgur
For Ruin Guards in the open world beyond 25m, the timing is quite generous. This may be useful when running away in open world or when fighting multiple Ruin Guards spread across a large area (Guyun Stone Forest).
The other cases have minimal real-world usage due to very tight timing while affected by reaction speed, input lag, network latency, dropped frames, etc.
Ruin Hunter Weakspot&Artillery mode Analysis
Finding: Ruin Hunter's Weak spots; How to trigger Ruin Hunter's artillery mode.
Context: The Ruin Hunter does not reveal a weak spot until it enters artillery mode.
With Geo MC stand on E rock in front of him
With Venti hold E Hover above him until he switches into artillery mode
With Keqing (E cast on air)
With Zhongli's pillar
God forbid, a ruin hunter in the abyss but with this mechanic learned he's the easiest mob to beat since there's no delay after he recovers, just spam and take him down.
Ruin Hunter Weakspot abuse
Mobs internal countdown can be used to activate weak spot on Ruin Hunter (same theory as Vegabond Event) in Spiral Abyss.
YouTube: Mobs internal countdown will trigger time gated effects like Ruin Hunter: Bombardment mode and Primo Geovishap: Primordial Shower (works from Vegabond event). Such effect can be triggered if you have a long fight (ex. Ruin Hunter) in overworld.
Might be useful for people who can't follow up Ruin Hunter agile attack pattern in Spiral Abyss.
Dendro Slime Plucking
Some Anemo Units can Suck Mini-Dendro Slimes even if they are Hidden.
Venti Elemental Burst
Sucrose Elemental Burst
Jean Elemental Skill (Thanks)
Anemo MC Skill & Burst (Both unsuccessful)
Provides an alternative method for eliminating annoying mini-Dendro slimes.
Anemo Slimes get one shot in the air
Anemo slimes at any level will instantly die if they take any damage druing their airborne attacks.
Evidence: When it jumps into the air for its bombardment attack it was killed by an artifact-less lvl 15 amber with a lvl 1, 1 weapon. Notably the slime did not die when hit by Sucroses attacks, as Anemo slimes are immune to Anemo.
Large Anemo Slime test: Video
Amall Anemo Slimes test: Video
If Anemo slimes are ever introduced to the abyss, this information could be useful.
Hydro Slimes Apply Wet to Surroundings
Hydro slimes will apply Hydro to both enemies and allies in their surroundings when they land from bouncing (after three hops for small slimes, every hop for large slimes), when they are hit by an attack, including attacks which they are immune to, and when they are unfrozen or Shatter removes them from a Frozen state. Hydro slimes will not apply Hydro if they are Frozen. This Elemental application will not trigger damaging reactions.
Hydro application from bounces: YouTube, YouTube
Hydro application upon hit: Imgur, Imgur, YouTube, YouTube
Hydro application upon unfreeze: YouTube, YouTube
No Hydro application when Frozen: Imgur
No trigger on damaging reactions: Imgur
Better understanding of enemy and character aura management in combat with Hydro slimes.
Slime Balloons from commissions can only receive a Cryo aura similar to Ambers Baron Bunny. Cryo Swirl, Superconduct, Freeze, forward Melt, Shatter, and Crystallize reactions can be triggered on them. However, Superconduct does not reduce Physical resistance, Cryo Swirl with 4-Piece VV does not reduce Cryo resistance, and Freeze does not actually stop the Slime Balloon from moving.
YouTube - Kazuhas Skill cannot infuse Pyro, Hydro, or Electro off of the Slime Balloon:
Reactions: YouTube, YouTube
Kaeyas Skill (noncrit) does 1339 damage both before and after Cryo is swirled with Kazuha. His N1 does not deal increased damage after Superconduct is triggered: YouTube.
Zhongli's universal RES Shred also has no effect (tested Barbara's N1 and Kaeya's Skill): YouTube
With this knowledge you can finish your commissions 2 seconds faster.
Specter Defeat Interaction
Defeating a specter does not proc any of the kill-based effects in the game.
Blackcliff Longsword on Specter Kill:
Passive: After defeating an opponent, ATK is increased by 1224% for 30s. This effect has a maximum of 3 stacks, and the duration of each stack is independent of the others.
ATK before kills: 1563
ATK after kills: 1563
No buff indicator for Blackcliff procs.
Twin Nephrite on Specter Kill:
Passive: Defeating an opponent increases Movement SPD and ATK by 20% for 15s.
ATK before kill: 675
ATK after kill: 675
No buff indicator for Nephrite's Movement SPD buff. Buff indicator for Ningguang's A4 Talent present.
White Iron Greatsword on Specter Kill:
Passive: Defeating an opponent restores 16% HP.
HP before kill: 7102
HP after kill: 7102 - 1389x2+1737 (Hydro DMG) = 2585
No heals obtained from kill, no healing indicator.
AMC's Second Wind (A4) on Specter Kill - Credit to for noting this:
Palm Vortex kills regenerate 2% HP for 5s. This effect can only occur once every 5s.
HP before kill: 512
HP after kill: 512
No healing indicator.
Kaeya's Never-Ending Performance (C2) against Specters:
Every time Glacial Waltz defeats an opponent during its duration, its duration is increased by 2.5s, up to a maximum of 15s.
Regular Q duration: 8s
Expected Q duration after 2 kills: 8s (+5) = 13s
Observed Q duration: Lasts from 0:11 to 0:19, ~8s
Blackcliff indicator also absent.
This implies that specters aren't actually killed by the player. Weapons, particularly the Blackcliff series, are less effective in floors that contain Specters. Current characters interactions that require kills (notably Kaeya C2) may be affected, as well as future characters with a similar kill-requirement.
The Abyss Herald's cooldown increase debuff is triggered when you are hit by these two attacks:
A cross Hydro beam.
Flurry of slashes before firing Hydro beams in all directions, only happens in phase 2 (after he shields up)
The cooldown debuff increases all current Elemental Skill/Burst cooldowns by 6 seconds to all members of your party, not just the character who got hit. The cooldown increase is additive and independent of how long the original cooldown of the Skill/Burst is. The cooldown debuff also only affect Elemental Skills/Bursts that are already on cooldown, so Skills/Bursts that were not on cooldown when you are inflicted with the cooldown debuff do not have increased cooldowns when you activate them. The cooldown debuff also has no effect on the CD reduction stat (unlike Slowing Waters).
The cooldown debuff can be avoided by shield and Elemental Burst i-frames.
Triggering a Freeze reaction on a boss entity does not create a Frozen aura on the entity, but rather consumes the Hydro and Cryo auras, leaving no aura behind.
Adequately getting rid of overworld Hydro Aura on the Anemo Hypostasis results in it continuously swirling itself, this damages the cube and applies Hydro to nearby characters. This can be easily done with 2U cyro application. Non-sufficient Cryo application does not result in this occurring.
Azhdaha's elements are the same across servers/regions and change weekly on mondays.
Azhdaha's Moonlit Tree phase (submerging underground while leaving his tail on the surface) has two independent hitboxes that can be exploited with a large AoE attack (essentially double the DMG dealt)
Xiangling's Pyronado will only apply Pyro once to the Cryo Regisvine's core during the initial swing, and will not hit the core again during the rest of its duration.
Rifthounds skulls need 3 Geo GU to be charged. They also can be charged with other elements, but it requires 38 attacks to be charged and does not depend on GU at all (example: Beidou Q activation charges them for the same amount as Lisa basic attack). Physical damage has no effect on skulls.
The damage caused by the primo geovishap's shield reflect mechanic will vary depending on the character's shield.
For more details see the Shield Reflection Mechanic entry in the Evidence Vault
The Primordial Shower's internal cool down can be bypassed by opening the Map, thus triggering it continuously.
When swapping characters with a shield at the right time, the Primordial Shower will not be reflected.
Setekh Wenut's "Windbite Bullets" have a much larger hitbox than the visual indicates. Many abilities that do not appear to reach them can actually hit them to disable the boss.
Some attacks other than fully-charged bow CAs can stun Ruin Guards. This includes various Skills, Bursts and melee attacks. The list can be found here.
Polearm Charged Attacks, with the exception of Xiao, don't register on stunned Ruin Guards because of the "leaping forward" animation that occurs.
Hu Tao vs Ruin Guard
Tartaglia's melee charged attack also has the same issue, however it's because their charged attack pushes them back, making them unable to reach the hitbox.
Ruin Guards can jump over Geo Traveler's Wake of Earth walls, but cannot jump over Geo MC's Starfell Sword meteorites.
While Wake of Earth's walls cannot block the Ruin Guard, they can sometimes interfere with its jump, making it land farther away from the player than it normally would.
The missiles can be dodged by swapping:
When at least 25m (5 Abyss tiles) away from a Ruin Guard using its seeking-missile attack, a well-timed character swap during the 400+ ms targeting animation will remove missile target seeking.
Within 24m, Ruin Guards, Ruin Destroyers, and Ruin Defenders targeted attacks can be dodged with a well-timed character swap in the 16-64 ms targeting window.
The Ruin Sentinels do not consistently proc Fischl's C1 effect. The type of Sentinel seems to affect how often C1 is proced.
The Bombardment mode's internal cool down can be bypassed by opening the Map, thus triggering it continuously.
Hydro Abyss Mage
The bubble from the Hydro Abyss Mages and their Hydro bubble spawning mechanic can be effectively i-framed by swapping characters at the precise moment. However, the Hydro bubble will persist on the character that was initially hit for approximately 5 seconds.
Underground Dendro Slimes don't take damage from non-Pyro based Elemental Reactions, but all Reactions and debuffs are still applied.
Slime Balloons from Daily Commissions can only receive a Cryo aura, similar to Ambers Baron Bunny.
Cryo Swirl, Superconduct, Freeze, Forward Melt, Shatter, and Crystallize reactions can be triggered on them.
However, Superconduct does not reduce Physical Resistance, Cryo Swirl with 4-Piece Viridescent Venerer does not reduce Cryo Resistance, and Freeze does not actually Freeze the Slime Balloon.
Corrosion stacks apply to the whole party, and their damage ignores shields.
Corrosion stacks are independent of each other, last for 10 seconds, and deal 10 total ticks of damage scaling linearly with each character's max HP.
Corrosion stacks applied by a Rifthound or Rifthound Whelp deal 0.5% max HP damage per tick.
Different types of enemies in the Overworld de-aggro at different ranges from their spawn, not at specific distances. These ranges take all 3 axes of the coordinate system into consideration.
Some enemy CC do not affect characters that are more than 20 levels above the enemy (characters that are exactly 20 levels above will still be affected).
Level dependent: Hydro bubbles from large Slimes, enemy aura disorders, and Abyss Mages, and Cryo ice cages from enemy aura disorders.
Level independent: tornado from Anemo Samachurls, Mirror Maiden Traps, and Dendro barriers.
A database of enemy resistances.
Enemy Resistances Database
Updated for Patch 3.4.
Enemy Resistances and Shield/Armor Durabilities (Google Sheets)
An explanation of enemy resistances and defense
There's two mitigating factors for damage dealt to enemies, Resistances and Defense. Here we introduce the concepts of both.
All enemies have some innate base level of resistance. Resistance is Elemental based and reduces damage from a certain type of Element. Each enemy has individual resistances against each different type of Element. The most common base amount of resistance is 10%. A list of enemy base resistances can be found here.
Resistance can be increased by the monster themselves from many sources such as Fatui Skirmisher armors providing +100% All RES. Similarly, monsters can also have their own resistances reduces such as when Whopperflower armors are broken.
Players can shred monster resistances via means such as:
4-Piece Viridescent Venerer (-40% to any swirled Element)
Zhongli's Jade Shield (-20% All elements)
Superconduct (-40% Physical)
Geo Resonance (-20% Geo)
Enemies have an innate level of defense scaling. This defense calculation is vastly different from player defense, which scales off of artifacts and such. Instead, enemy defense is dependent solely on the attacking character's level and the enemy's level. This is another layer of mitigation and is separate from resistance.
Defense reduction has a hard cap of 90%.
There are only currently 4 sources of defense shred in the game:
Lisa A4 (-15% DEF)
Razor C4 (-15% DEF)
Klee C2 (-23% DEF)
Ayaka C4 (-30% DEF)
An explanation as to how different type of Enemy Shields and Armor function as
well as the most efficient way to deal with them.
Enemy Shields and Armor
Currently, there are two main types of shields that players should be aware of, Elemental Shields and Elemental Armor. We'll talk about what the differences are between these two shield types, as well as how to eliminate them. An understanding of Gauge units and ICD is required.
Elemental Shields are shields that NEED to be taken down in order to deal direct damage to the enemy HP bar.
To deal with Elemental Shields, you'll need to apply a different Elemental Aura. For example, The fastest way to take down a Cryo Shield is by applying a total of 6U Pyro Aura. However, Pyro Aura is not the only Aura that can take down a Cryo Shield.
Due to the nature of how ICD works, it is recommended to use different character rotations as opposed to spamming a certain attack, like Infused Normals. That being said, Bow Users can spam their Charged Attack to apply an aura over and over because the assumption is that the charge time is longer than the ICD.
Before we get into how to deal with different types of shields, some types (whether its Elemental Shield or Armor) can be damaged through Heavy Attacks and Light Attacks. These types of attacks deal bonus damage due to their property of being Heavy or Light (and some attacks are neither Heavy nor Light). However, Light Attacks do insignificant damage, and it's advisable to avoid using Light Attacks to break Shields.
Abyss mage shields, unlike other types of shields, take any damage directly. Any type of attack reduces Abyss mage shields HP by the amount of damage it deals in addition to bonus damage due to Elemental Aura application. However, Abyss mage shields have very large HP pools and it is not advisable to rely on direct damage compared to Elemental damage.
To add to that, Geo Attacks are considered Heavy Attacks and also can cause Crystallize. Meaning the GU required to break Shields that are susceptible to both Geo and Heavy Attacks is much less in practice.
The following is a table consisting of different types of Elemental Shields as well as how many Gauge units are required to take them down. Character Gauge Units Database
Note: Cryo Elemental Shields are the only shields that can be damaged with Heavy attacks such as Claymore hits. It takes ~24 Claymore hits to break a Cryo Elemental Shield.
Before we get into how to take down a Cryo Cicin Mage's Elemental Shield, first we have to know that the amount of Cicin (or flies) matter. The less Cicin there are, the easier it is to take down their Shield.
C = Numbers of Cicin alive.
Elemental Shield strength varies from domains, abyss, Co-op, and overworld. Testing was done in overworld using level 1 Weapons and no Artifacts.
Elemental Armor is the type of shield that protects mobs such as Stonehide Lawachurl, Fatui, Geo Slimes, and Regisvine bosses.
One thing to remember is that unlike Elemental Shields, it is possible to deal direct damage to enemies protected by Elemental Armor. However, the enemy gains +100% RES to Elemental attacks and Physical attacks while armored, which comes out to a total of 110% Elemental RES and 80% Physical RES.
The Elemental Armor surrounding specifically Fatui Agents works in a unique way. Unlike other shield types, they are only damaged by the Specific Element that counters them. For instance, an Electro Fatuus' Elemental Armor will only take damage if inflicted by Cryo Element. Other elements deal extremely insignificant damage that it is practically negligible.
The following are tables consisting of different types of Elemental Armor as well as how to take them down:
Foreign auras can exist on these armor and there are some interesting interactions when trying to break said armor. See this Vault Entry for more information.
Against shielded Cryo, Electro, and Hydro Skirmishers, the reaction coefficients of reactions unrelated to the shield's Element are fixed at 1. See this Vault Entry for more information.
Note that both Stonehide Lawachurl, Thunderhelm Lawachurl, and Frostarm Lawachurl armor decays each second for up to 90 seconds.
Mitachurl Shields are rather different than other types of shields. For one, they only protect the Mitachurls from one direction only. There aren't any special mechanics as to how they work, and dealing with them is quite simple as well.
Wooden Mitachurl's shields can be taken down by applying Pyro Aura. However, when you apply Pyro to the Wooden Mitachurl's Shield, he will attempt to extinguish it. There are two ways to deal with that:
Keep attacking him while the Pyro Aura is burning his shield so he is forced to guard.
Apply another Pyro Aura as soon as he extinguishes the first one and the shield will burn.
Rockshield Mitachurl's shield is considered a Geo Shield. Therefore, you will need Heavy attacks, Geo Attacks, or Overload.
~18 Claymore N1
~15 Overload reactions
16 Ningguang N1
Applying Cryo Aura then causing Crystallize with Geo Element is very effective in taking down the Rockshield Mitachurl's shield.
~3 Overload Reactions
While Claymore Attacks can damage the Iceshield Mitachurl's Shield, the shield has a regenerate mechanic which makes it hard for Claymore Attacks to outpace the Shield Regeneration. Therefore, its best to take down the shield using Pyro Aura.
During the Childe boss fight, he can enter into a shielded state where he takes no damage. This shield is only affected by poise damage and not normal damage. Attacks like Claymore Attacks, Blunt Attribute attacks, and Overload will be the most effective at breaking said shield.
Genshin Impact does not use a generic single-variable HP system for enemy shields like other games. Instead, total Shield HP is in the form of its Shield Gauge Units (Shield GU), a value which represents the shields Elemental strength. This can be decreased to 0 (thereby breaking the shield) through reactions, character damage (excluding Elemental Armor shields) and the Poise values of your talents. (Poise values are explained in the document and affect Geo / Frozen shields only)
Total Shield Damage = Reaction Cost + Damage Cost + Poise Cost
For an in-depth analysis on shield damage as of 2021-06-05, vibe has written An Extensive Look Into Shield Damage in Genshin Impact
Additional notes on shield damage:
Transformative damage is also applied in the damage cost of shield damage, and is affected by Elemental mastery.
Bobrokrot's Shield Infographic
An Extensive Look Into Shield Damage in Genshin Impact by vibe
Enemy Shields and Armor
Reaction Efficiency at Breaking Elemental Shields (Translation)
Source: https://bbs.mihoyo.com/ys/article/2204156 (Dated Oct 14, 2020)
Translated by: @KluEvo, @sacstanxiang & @Azri K.
Link: Google Docs
Bobrokrots Shield and Armor Guide
Preliminary Findings on Breaking Fatui Armor
Fatui armor breaks mostly off Elemental reactions and armor breaking effectiveness depends on strength of aura application.
Fischl E vs Hydro armor: We can see Fatui armor breaking from Electro-Charged procs, not Oz attacks.
Lisa E hold vs Hydro shield: Lisa E hold has a strong Electro aura application. It seems that strong Electro applications triggers Electro-Charged twice for a total of 4 damage procs.
Beidou E vs Hydro armor: Beidou E also has strong Electro application and it procs Electro-Charged twice. Note that it takes a total of 10 Electro-Charged damage procs to take down the armor.
Fischl charged attack vs Hydro armor: Fischl's charged attacks have weak aura application and it took a total of 5 shots (10 Electro-Charged damage procs) to take down the armor.
Barbara vs Pyro armor: Barbara normal attacks have weak application and it took 4 Vaporize procs to take down the armor. Note some attacks not procing Vaporize (and thus not doing damage to the armor) due to internal aura application cooldown.
XQ vs Pyro armor: XQ has two weak aura applications on his E + his swords apply weak Hydro aura. In total it took 2 E swings + 2 touches with swords. I also did some testing with XQ ult but it was kinda inconsistent due to swords revolving around XQ also applying aura, need more testing.
Don't have footage but it is common knowledge that Kaeya's E has strong application and breaks Electro armor in 2 Es, but Kaeya's ult has weak aura applications and needs 4 Superconduct hits to break the armor.
Also common knowledge that Amber's charged is strong and requires 2 hits, Guoba is weak and requires 4 hits.
Pyro armor: The equivalent of 2 strong Hydro
Cryo armor: The equivalent of 2 strong Pyro
Hydro armor: ~10 Electro-Charged ticks
Electro armor: The equivalent of 2 strong Cryo
Fatui Armor and Aura Interactions
Some foreign auras can exist on certain Fatui when their armor is up. These auras can have funny interactions when trying to shieldbreak. Also doing some slightly more detailed testing with some armor.
Hydro on a Cryo Fatui armor.
Your Pyro attacks will need to go through the Hydro aura in order to damage the Cryo armor.
Proving not only river water can apply Hydro on Cryo Fatui armor.
Melting a Frozen Hydro Fatui armor doesn't seem to do any noticeable damage even when using 2U Pyro 1U Electro gets eaten up super quickly by the Hydro Fatui armor.
Pyro attacks seem to ignore the Electro aura of an Electro-Charged'd Hydro Fatui.
More testing done for the above, proving that gauges matter.
1U Pyro onto 2U Hydro seem to notbe able to damage the Fatui armor at all.
2U Pyro on 1U Hydro break more armor than 2U on 2U.
Trying to Electro-Charged Cryo armor.
Electro seem to just ignore the Hydro aura when breaking the Cryo armor.
Trying to do testing with Electro-Charged'd Electro Fatui armor (namely, Pyro onto Electro-Charged), but failed because the Hydro seem to be eaten up instantly.
Finding out crystalize breaks Geo Fatui armor. Also a random test to show that Geo Fatui can no doubt be Frozen when his armor is up.
More testing with Geo armor, however Geo gauges were not tested.
1U, 2U, and 4U of gauge when crystallized breaks different amount of Geo Fatui's armor.
Geo gauge don't matter when using crystalize to break Geo Fatui armor?
YouTube video (clip by)
Geo gauge without poise doesn't deal damage to Geo armor.
Pillar pulse and gorou charged attacks don't do damage to the armor.
Crystalize damages the armor even if the attack is poiseless.
The gauge of the Element on the enemy decays overtime, and after waiting for a while, the aura decays and becomes weaker, which affects the amount of damage the shield takes as well.
Better understanding of Fatui armor. Most of the findings are about Fatui armor being harder to break in certain situations, that certain situations don't affect shieldbreaking, while one just shows how weak and puny the Geo armor actually is when faced with ROCK.
Geo Armor Breaking Efficiencys Relation to "Stagger Strength" of the Attack
Aside from Geo damage, there is also a number of attacks that break Geo Armor. As far as I can tell, all of these attacks have one thing in common they push or stagger the enemy.
Here are some clips Jean breaking Geo Armor of Geo Fatui with charged attacks and her E, and also a clip of her breaking a crystal with her E (her E and charged attacks also one-shot white iron ores). The last clip features Amber E almost one-shotting the crystal and Anemo MC last tick of E dealing significant damage to the crystal.
It is common knowledge that Overload reaction breaks Geo Armor it can be explained by the fact that Overload explosion pushes enemies.
Claymores are well known to be effective at breaking Geo Armor. Although Jean's E pushes further away than claymore attacks, they are more effective at breaking Geo Armor. My theory is that the stagger effect also breaks Geo Armor. Claymores stagger enemies and they do so more effectively than other weapons' basic attacks.
Sword basic attacks in particular are able to break Geo Armor, although ineffective. Also note that some attacks deal more damage to armor than others, in general, final attack in normal attacks string deals the most damage.
Klee's basic attacks are effective at breaking Geo Armor and they indeed do stagger. Other catalyst users do not stagger enemies and indeed Lisa deals 0 damage to Geo Armor: YouTube
May significantly alter our Abyss clearing strategy. Geo and claymores are still best at breaking Geo Armor but Amber in particular with some Electro for Overload can be effective at dealing with Geo Fatui since her Bunny deals massive damage to the armor (almost halves Geo Fatui armor).
Standardized Measuring Tool for Stagger Values
Theory: INTRODUCING KAEYA'S N1 (KN1) AS A MEASURING TOOL FOR STAGGER VALUES
Here is a clip of Kaeya hitting Geo slime's armor 140 times: YouTube
From here we can calculate Razor's N1 capability to break Geo armor. I'll call it stagger value from now on since evidence tells as that they are correlated. Razor's N1 ranges from 27.8 to 28.0 KN1 (plus-minus the last Kaeya's N1).
Chongyun's N1 ranges from 25.6 to 25.8 KN1 YouTube
Beidou's N1 ranges from 21.0 to 21.167 KN1 YouTube
Note that Beidou's N1 and Razor's N1 stagger values correlate to my findings on their Shatter values vs Cryo Abyss mage shield. I have lvl1 Razor so the result of ~0.66-0.67U of his N1 should be accurate (since the damage to shield is neglectable). Using average stagger values we can calculate Beidou's N1 Shatter value = 21.1/27.90.66 = ~0.499 which correlates for my previous result of 0.5U. Also note that this is not the case for Chongyun. At first I assumed Chong's N1 to be 0.65U. Calculating it from stagger values it should be around 0.61U. 18 N1s is 10.98U which suggests that Chong should've had one more attack before breaking 12U shield which was not the case.
Did lvl 20 Chong deal too much damage or there is something else I did not consider?
We now might be able to measure stagger values precisely. Please contact me if you want to cooperate and make a database for all attacks in the game.
Swirl and Crystallize on the Shield of a Cryo Abyss Mage Floating Over Water
(all of tests below were conducted with lvl1 weapons and only an upgraded flower among artifacts)
12 Jean Es to break the shield on grass
Jean E dealing 0 damage to the shield on water
12 Ningguang basic attacks to break the shield on grass
23 Ningguang basic attacks to break the shield on water
Note 1: Geo also Shatter Cryo Abyss mage shield thus Geo is able to break the shield above water.
Note 2: on Swirl on Crystallize reaction you can clearly see Hydro symbol appearing above mage. Also note that Crystallize reaction creates Hydro crystals instead of Cryo.
Note 3: Ningguang basic attacks consume 0.5U with Crystallize. 12 attacks against 12U shield is equal to 1U per attack, so we expect Shatter of Ningguang basic attacks to have a total value of 0.5U (on Shatter values I'll expand in a separate submission). With 0.5U per attack from Shatters we would expect 24 Ningguang basic attacks to break the sheld on water instead of 23. The reason for this difference is that, first, Ningguang basic attacks actually Shatter 2 times per attack (you can see the animation for each if you attack with Ning up close; also see Shatter submission) and that a total of 46 Shatter of lvl 20 character deal a total of 5474 damage. For a lvl 81 Hydro Abyss mage my estimation for 0.4U of shield is around 5-6k (see https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/167gv0GWLu5HFLGCXZW3mBY0S2nimPv3dm5mGsxSiJME/edit#gid=0)
Don't use Geo or Anemo to break Cryo Abyss mage shields on water.
Shield Gauge Consumption and Electrocharged
Each Electro-Charged tick consumes 0.4U. Abyss mage shields have 12GU HP (regardless of the reactions), Fatui armor has 4U HP.
The detailed explanation with calculations can be found here: Google Docs
Breaking Childe's Shield with Stagger
Theory: Childe's shield is broken through poise damage rather than raw damage.
Evidence: Childe has a separate poise value when shielded and unshielded. The hit that breaks his shield has no hitlag. The number of hits it takes to break his shield is unaffected by damage.
Significance: Prioritize stagger over damage when hitting Childe's shield.
Abyss Lector Shield Gauges
Pyro and Cryo appear to be equally effective in terms of efficiency at depleting the shield of an Abyss Lector. This finding does not account for whether there are more Pyro or Cryo units that have the ability to apply their respective elements at a fast rate. It only accounts for the fact that 1GU of Cryo deals the same damage to the Abyss Lector as 1GU of Pyro.
Damage dealt (artifact/weapon quality) does not seem to matter with an exception of Ganyu. For Ganyu, it seems like with no artifacts & level 1 weapon, she takes the same amount of hits as Bennett, but starts to take less hits with a leveled weapon and artifacts. Units used to test Pyro were Bennett & Xiangling. Units used to test Cryo were Kaeya & Ganyu & Rosaria.
If you have Pyro or Cryo units that have fast Elemental application, using one over another will not matter. Both should produce the same results given the same speed of Elemental application.
Bennett with level 1 weapon: took 17 hits with sliver of shield health remaining removed by 18th hit
Bennett with level 90 aquila: took 17 hits with sliver of shield health remaining removed by 18th hit
Bennett with level 90 aquila and high quality artifacts: still took 17 hits with sliver of shield health remaining removed by 18th hit
Ganyu lvl 1 weapon: took 17 charged shot w/ blooms + last sliver removed by 18th hit
Ganyu level 1 weapon and very good artifacts: took 16 charged shot w/ Bloom + last sliver removed by 17th hit
Ganyu level 90 weapon and very good artifacts: took 13 charged shot w/ Bloom + last sliver removed by 14th hit
An Extensive Look into Shield Damage
Damage to enemy shields is affected by three main formulas, which are summed for final damage: Reaction Cost, Damage Cost and Poise Damage Cost. All info was accumulated from the wiki and individual testing
There are pages on the wiki that already detail this information, however I created a google document which aims to compile it all into one source which is easy to digest. All references are included in the document.
Critical-Hit Triggered Abilities Interactions With Shields
Attacks blocked by enemy shields are still counted at scoring a Critical hit and therefore activate abilities with a CRIT hit as condition
Xinayn C1 Attack Speed increase
vs Elemental Shields
vs Stone Shields
Klee A4 team Energy Recharge by (110% CRIT Rate Klee)
vs Pyro Shield
vs Cryo Shield
vs Gep Shield
Rosaria C1 Attack speed and normal attack DMG increase
vs Elemental Shield
vs Stone Shield
Yanfei A4 damage instance proc
vs Elemental Shield
vs Immune Elemental Shield
vs Stone Shield
vs Elemental Shield
vs Stone Shield
Despite all of the tested talents/abilities/passives stating a CRIT Hit as the condition for activation, it still worked even if the attack was blocked entirely or even immunized. However this does only apply to character abilities. The Favonius sword did not activate on scoring Critical hits vs shields
Yanfei: Getting A4 procs is highly useful especially vs Elemental shields to apply more U Pyro, which makes quicker work of these shields. Abyss Lectors are the most important, but also double Pyro application and the charged attack being heavy can become useful for dealing with stone shields and proccing Overload more often
Xinyan: Can maybe make a difference in destroying stone shields a little bit faster, but this is imo not a significant find
Klee: Free Energy even if enemies block ore negate damage is always a good thing
Tartaglia: Applying riptide through shields is highly usefull. Aids in destroying Elemental shields faster and applying Electro-Charged AoE with riptide helps with poise damaging multiple shield enemies at once
Rosaria: Not very significant imo , similar to Xinyan
Favonius Weapons: Its a shame because not getting the fav proc due to getting blocked can mess up rotations and players utilizing fav weapons should be aware of this issue
Transformative Reaction Damage on Shields
Transformative damage is also applied in the damage cost of shield damage, and is affected by Elemental mastery.
A borderline Geo slime shield destruction was observed on a 0 EM 70/70 fischl's overloads onto a large Geo slime's shield, with the shield almost being destroyed after 6 overloads. Increasing fischl's EM to 688 resulted in the shield not only breaking after 6 overloads, but almost breaking after 5. Relevant calculations and related videos show that these numbers make sense.
Fischl with 0EM, 1378 overloads, leaving the shield at minimal health after 6 hits: Video Download
Fischl with 688 EM, 7019 overloads, leaving the shield at minimal health after 5 hits: Video Download
Large Slimes have 4x cicin HP and 8GU Geo force shields.
Large Geo Slimes have 10% RES across the board excluding their Element (immune), meaning a 0.9x damage multiplier to Overload.
1.2998 6 = 7.799 GU total damage
1.4627 5 = 7.3135 GU total damage
Note: Character damage was not a factor in the shield breaking as the overloads were procced from burning grass. There may have been fluctuations based on weird mechanics with character or grass being the Overload's trigger, but destruction of the Geo shield at 6 and 7 shots respectively was always consistent.
It ensures that for shields where damage cost is a factor, we can assume that transformative reaction damages are also a factor, and interact in the way that one would expect from intuition (increasing damage with increasing EM).
Skirmisher Shields Affect Unrelated Reaction Coefficients
Against shielded Cryo/Electro/Hydro Skirmishers, the reaction coefficients of reactions unrelated to the shield's Element are fixed at 1.
Applying 1.6U Hydro then 1U of Pyro/Anemo/Geo/Dendro results in the Hydro aura lasting for 4.5 seconds, meaning the reaction coeffs of Pyro Vape, Hydro Swirl, hydro Crystallize, Dendro Bloom are all 1, as opposed to the usual 0.5/0.5/0.5/2
Applying 0.8U Dendro then 1U of Hydro completely wipes the Dendro aura; using Nahida E then applying 1U Hydro 3 times with Barbara produces 3 Blooms with no leftover Dendro. so the reaction coeff of Hydro Bloom is also 1 instead of 0.5
Applying 1U Quicken then 1U of Hydro completely wipes the Quicken aura; using Nahida E then applying 1U Hydro 3 times with Barbara produces 3 Blooms with no leftover Quicken. so the reaction coeff of Hydro Bloom is 1 instead of 0.5
Applying 1.6U Hydro then 1U Dendro results in the Hydro aura lasting 4.5 seconds, so the reaction coeff of Dendro Bloom is 1 instead of 2
Applying 2U Freeze then 1U of Pyro doesnt clear the Freeze aura, instead it lasts a total of ~1.75s, so the reaction coeff of Pyro Melt is 1
Applying 1.6U Electro then 1U of Anemo/Geo results in the Electro aura lasting for 4.5 seconds, meaning the reacion coeffs of Electro Swirl and Electro Crystallize are 1 instead of 0.5
Expands knowledge on EGT mechanics, potentially useful to know for simultaneous reactions against Cryogunners.
Elemental Skill Particle Production Database
Full Database maintained by
Only On-Field Characters Gain Energy By Auto Attacks
Energy Recharge gained through Normal Attacking only applies to the character on-field.
The original author didn't provide video evidence, but it was approved due to being easily replicated. Special thanks go to for validating this entry with video evidence.
Enemy's health was depleted to ~5% and let to reset to full HP, removing the variable of HP Particles
Autoattacking: Used all Bursts to reset the Burst meter, then Normal Attacked with Zhongli until Burst was charged
Conclusion: Characters other than Zhongli still had 0 Energy.
Off-field characters cannot gain Energy via Normal Attacks from the active character.
Energy Recharge Does NOT Have a Softcap (at least up to 300 ER)
Bennett was given 300.1% ER
Funneled non-Pyro Elemental Particles to Bennett while off-field
Took 33 Particles, which is almost exactly what was expected
Helpful when figuring out how much Energy Recharge is needed to build on a character in a specific team.
Auto Attack Energy Mechanics
Normal attacks have a chance on hit to give the on field character about 1 Energy. It can be seen when the on field character's vision flashes. It is not effected by ER% and can work with charged attacks. Multi-hit attacks, such as Keqing's N1C, count each hit individually for proc chance. It also gives Energy regardless if the user can get Particles or not, such as in Xiao's Bane of All Evil.
Evidence: Google sheets link
Spreadsheet includes videos of ER% testing, multi-hit attack testing, on hit testing, and Xiao's Bane of All Evil Testing. It also includes graphs illustrating the data Spread of the tests. From the graphs and averages, multi-hit/projectile attacks on average proc the effect more often (N Spam KQ vs N1C KQ and N Spam Diona vs N Spam Amber C1)
Attacking enemies with normal/charged attacks can give extra Energy. Although in small amounts, being able to cast a Burst because of the mechanic may make or break an abyss run. Ideally, this would be done when waiting for Particles, waiting for cooldowns, and/or when outside of rotations.
Energy Generation Update
Finding: Several Particle production number/ratio were wrong on the Elemental Particle production sheet.
Evidence: Tests on various character were recorded to ensure that the data were right.
Elemental Skills that has a fixed production value will be cast for at least 50 times, while Elemental Skills that has a chance based production value will be cast for at least 200 times until the average stabilize to double confirm the ratio.
In addition, several new conditions to trigger Particle generation had been added to specific character notes.
Elemental Particle production sheet here: Google Sheets
Conclusion: Changes made to the sheet were as follow
Amber: 3~4 (1:9) -> 4 (-)
Anemo MC Hold E: 2~4 (1:9:1) -> 3~4 (2:1)
Geo MC: 2~4 (1:2:1) -> 3~4 (2:1)
Chongyun: 3~4 (1:1) -> 4 (-)
Diona: 1 per paw -> 0~1 (1:4) check per paw (5 -> 4 Particle average per hold, 2 -> 1.6 Particle average per tap)
Jean: 2~3 (1:1) -> 2~3 (1:2)
Kaeya: 2~3 (1:1)/4~5 (1:1) -> 2~3 (1:2)/4~5 (1:2)
Keqing: 2~3 (9:1) -> 2~3 (1:1), included extra note "Produce Particle on leap connect or Thunderclap Slash connect. Both produce same amount of Particle."
Klee: 3~4 (1:9) -> 4 (-)
Lisa: 3~5 (1:1:1) -> 5 (-)
Mona: 3~4 (1:1) -> 3~4 (2:1), included extra note "only produce Particle when final explosion connects"
Ningguang: 3~4 (1:9) -> 3~4 (3:2)
Razor Tap E: 2~3 (1:9) -> 3 (-)
Razor Hold E: 3~4 (1:9) -> 4 (-)
Sucrose: 3~4 (1:1) -> 4 (-)
Venti Tap E: 2~3 (1:9) -> 3 (-)
Venti Hold E: 3~4 (1:9) -> 4 (-)
Xingqiu: 4~5 (1:1) -> 5 (-)
Xinyan: 3~4 (1:9) -> 4 (-)
Xiao: 2~3 (1:9) -> 3 (-)
"On field" for energy purposes is determined at energy gain time
Energy "on field" character is determined at energy gain time (thus affected by ping), not particle receive time.
In the 3rd trial, even though all the particles visually were received by Furina, Zhongli got some of the particles funneled to him. Thus particle energy "on field" is determined at energy gain time, not at particle receive time. He visually has more energy than the 2nd trial, where he was definitely not on field when the energy was gained.
We are trying to decide appropriate default particle delay in gcsim
What is Energy?
Energy is the resource that allows you to cast Elemental Bursts.
How to Get Energy
If an Elemental Skill hits an enemy, Elemental Particles will be generated (with some exceptions such as Barbara or Noelle's Elemental Skill). For details on how many Elemental Particles specific Skills/characters generate, this table has it all.
Normal and Charged Attacks have a chance on hit to give the on-field character about 1 Flat Energy. This can be seen when the on-field character's vision flashes. Multi-hit attacks, such as Keqing's N1C, count each hit individually for proc chance. It also gives Energy regardless if the user is unable get Particles from their Elemental Skill, such as in Xiao's Bane of All Evil.
This Flat Energy is only gained by the character on-field and is not affected by Energy Recharge, off-field characters gain no Energy from this method.
Enemy HP Thresholds
Every enemy has specific HP thresholds at which they will drop Elemental Particles or Orbs. Depending on the enemy type, either Clear or Elemental Particles/Orbs will be dropped. When enemies drop Particles/Orbs and what is dropped depends on the enemy. To see the specifics, this table has both the estimated thresholds and a built in enemy HP calculator.
3 Clear Elemental Particles are generated when the passive procs, because Particles are generated, the Energy gained from this method is affected by Energy Recharge. Refinements only change the frequency of Particles produced, not the amount of Particles.
Flat Energy based on the Refinement Rank is given only to the wielder of Prototype Amber when the passive is triggered.
Amenoma Kageuchi, Katsuragikiri Nagamasa, Kitain Cross Spear
Flat Energy based on the Refinement Rank is given only to the wielder of these weapons depending on the amount of Succession Seeds.
Both 4-Piece Scholar and The Exile give Flat Energy when the conditions of the passive are met.
Energy Recharge Rates
Energy that goes straight into a character's Burst meter, this Energy is not affected by Energy Recharge.
Particles vs Orbs
Geo Elemental Elemental Particle VS Geo Elemental Energy Orb
Elemental Particles can be gained from Elemental Skills or hitting certain enemy HP thresholds. Elemental Orbs are only dropped from reaching specific enemy HP thresholds.
Orbs give three times the amount of Energy that Particles give. At base, 1 Particle is the equivalent of 1 Energy.
Elemental vs Clear
Anemo Elemental Energy Orb VS Clear Energy Orb
Both Elemental Particles and Orbs have Elemental variants for all available Elements in the game and a Clear variant. While Elemental Particles/Orbs are gained through both Elemental Skills and HP thresholds, Clear Particles/Orbs can't be gained from Elemental Skills because each character has a vision of a specific Element and can only generate Elemental Particles of said Element.
If a unit receives an Elemental Particle/Orb of their Element, they will gain three times more Energy than that of a different Element.
Clear Particles/Orbs give two times more Energy than that of a different Element than the unit's Element.
Off-Field vs On-Field
In a party of 4, a unit off-field gains 60% of the Energy compared to if they had they been on-field to receive that Energy; for parties of 3, 70%; for parties of 2, 80%.
Energy Recharge (ER%) is the multiplier that modifies how much Energy is gained from the incoming Elemental Particles/Orbs. It does not change how much Energy is generated via Elemental Skills. Currently, there is no known soft cap for ER%, this has been tested up to 300.1% ER.
Table of Energy
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
Eremite Axe Vanguard
These ax-wielding ladies often wade into the slaughter without fear, creating openings for their comrades to capitalize on.
They will sometimes sit by the fireside in their sand-swept homeland and play songs that were lost in that golden sea.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
The Eremite tradition is to use bows to engage their foes, but ever since the Akademiya permitted them to buy crossbows at the bazaars, only the proudest shooters would still use bows, which take many years of practice to master.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
A true scion of a warrior tribe, such warriors see battle as their ordained purpose, and unlike some barbarian who wields a large ax with ease, these tribespeople are also quite well-versed in the lore and songs of the desert ruins.
An ominous, fragmented spirit is sealed within the weapon they use, awakening in moments of peril. Once it does, it can only be silenced by the cries of the vanquished whether that be its wielder, or its wielders foe.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
A young lady lost in the ancient dream of the desert songs. To her, the thrill of bloody battle is her true reward. Legend has it that the women of this tribe are often afflicted by the wandering spirits of the desert, a condition that leads many of them to an early end. Perhaps this one can only be free of these apparitions when her blood is up in combat.
An ominous, fragmented spirit is sealed within the weapon she uses, awakening in moments of peril. Once it does, it can only be silenced by the cries of the vanquished whether that be its wielder, or its wielders foe.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
This warrior wields a unique fist blade and joined the Eremites to seek out stronger foes. Rather than the pay, these warriors fight more to attain greater martial might.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
Eremite Ravenbreak Halberdier
These warriors use Ravenbeak Halberds in battle. It is said that ascetics who served the deity of the desert would carry these halberds as symbols of their office. These weapons once had a true name, but it has long been lost to the desert sands.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
A professional mercenary who cares about nothing outside of work and the mission at hand. To such people, their only game plan is to complete the mission, and their high asking prices on the market match that commitment.
An ominous, fragmented spirit is sealed within the weapon they use, awakening in moments of peril. Once it does, it can only be silenced by the cries of the vanquished whether that be its wielder, or its wielders foe.
A member of a loosely-organized mercenary corps from the golden desert sands. Will work for anyone as long as the pay is good.
This desert warrior wields a large curved blade in battle. The skills such fighters boast of have been passed down since the days when their now-lost civilization was still extant, and are not only techniques to be used in battle, but also serve well as a performing art popular in various lands.
It is said that this sword art was once practiced from horseback.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
E Tap: 1U
E Hold: 1U
Tap E: 1~2 (1:1)
Hold E: 2~3 (1:1)
Eula Shatter Test
Blunt Attacks: E tap, E hold, A1, Q activate, Lightfall Sword
Not Blunt: Icewhirl Brand
Grimheart stacks persist on switch. - Your
E Hold and Icewhirl Brands don't share ICDs, but multiple Icewhirl Brands do share the same ICD.
Q does not snapshot.
: Notice how the 4-Piece pale flame buff that expires midway does not effect the end damage.
Eula Q cast inside Bennett Burst and then allowed the buffs to expire on Eula
When the lightsword from Q lights up and is about to explode, it's still updating live stats.
2 Noblesse Oblige affects the Lightfall Sword damage of Glacial Illumination
Eula's Q CD and Energy resets at the Burst's hitmark.
The duration of Glacial Illumination is not effected by hitlag.
Eulas Lightfall sword damage can be blocked by wooden and geo mitachurl shields.
Glacial Illumination and Lightfall Sword Range (1 abyss tile is around 2.55m)
Glacial Illumination cast is ~8m
Lightfall Sword explosion is ~7m
Lightfall Stack Mechanics
Lightfall stacks are independent of enemies hit, meaning hitting multiple enemies will not net more stacks compared to hitting one enemy.
The initial hit of Eula's Q does not grant a lightfall stack.
Eula Q in front of Geovishap - hit initial DMG & force lightfall Burst early
Eula Q away from Geovishap - initial DMG not hitting the geovishap & force lightfall Burst early
Charged attacks don't grant lightfall stacks. - Some
Confirmation that lightfall stacks cannot be gained when hitting abyss mage, wooden, and geo shields, because stacks are only gained on damage.
Lightfall stacks are not gained when the Lightfall Sword lights up and is about to explode.
Base Damage Check
Hits during the animation
Hits right before
NA multihits, Hold E Icewhirls, and A1 sword remnant all individually add 1 Glacial Illumination stack. Every damage instance adds one Lightfall stack. This means that Eula's third normal attack, which hits twice, will add two stacks, as will her fifth. Eula's held Elemental Skill, when it triggers base damage, two icewhirls, and an A4 trigger, will add four Lightfall stacks.
Table of full values, below is summary of the linked image
Eula A1 scales with Q talent level.
Eula A1 is considered Elemental Burst damage and is buffed by 2NO.
C1: Tidal Illusion
Whenever you consume a Grimheart stack, no matter the amount of stacks consumed, Eula's Physical DMG is increased by 30% for a base of 6 seconds + 6 per Grimheart stack.
So 1 stack is 12 seconds and 2 is 18 seconds
C4: The Obstinacy of One's Inferiors
Eula's C4 is an additive damage bonus and applies to both A1 and Burst.
Broken Pines Synergy
Broken Pines attack speed increase between R1-R5 does not increase your stack count with optimal combos. However, it does make your combo timings a lot less strict and comfier. and
Test was done with an Attack speed increase abyss card (Video lost to the sands of time)
Also checks out with math
Eula Swap Buff
Eula's Burst does not snapshot even after she is swapped off-field, allowing for the opportunity to apply team buffs after Eula's Burst is used but before it hits (23 frame window), thus increasing Eula's Burst damage. This applies to 4NO, Rosaria's CRIT buff, and certain users of 4TotM.
4-Piece Noblesse Oblige: YouTube 1, YouTube 2
Rosaria's CRIT share buff: YouTube
Diona's swap buff: YouTube
YouTube for Xinyan buff
Allows for better Burst cycles.
Eula Burst Buffs Catalog
Some buffs for Eula need to be tested to ensure that they work within her Alt-Swap + LFS timer. TTDS, Rosaria A4, and Bennett are some of the biggest buffs that needed to be tested. Similar to Eula Swap Buff, but the buff goes before Glacial Illumination Cast.
Rosaria A4: Video
Bennett Q: Video
Bennett Q + Lisa A4 + 4NO: Video
Eula one-shot rotation (Bennett, Zhongli, and Lisa): Video
Cataloging Eula's buffs will be helpful for TC'ing possible one-shot rotations.
Eula 15 stack bug
At high ping Eula's Elemental Burst does not properly lock stacks in on time, allowing for 15 stacks to be possible at C0.
Video 1 15 stacks 15 stack Math
Video 2 15 stacks
Video Attempt Compilation
Eula is stronger under high ping.
Eula Burst Animation Cancel
Concept by frenchtutor on YouTube.
By holding down walk (W) during Eula's Burst animation, you are actionable ~4 frames earlier compared to not holding it down.
All testing was done on 2.5 Abyss 12-3-1 at 60 FPS (in game and in recording). Eula has Song of Broken Pines, but the buff is not in effect. You can verify this both with the timer (too soon) and the fact that Sigils appear in the NAs after the Burst.
Results over 10 trials each: the Burst animation takes 116-117 frames if inputting walk, and 120-121 frames if not.
The sweatiest of gamers can save up to ~4 frames of Eula's initial Burst animation. This gives a sliver of more leeway in building stacks for Eula's Lightfall, and for spacing out Eula's A1 and second N4 sequence. In the vast majority of cases/reaction times, there will be a negligible difference.
Shenhe E applies A4 buff fast enough to buff Eula's Lightfall explosion via the "swap trick".
Rosaria A4 Eula Burst Inconsistency
The duration of Rosaria's A4 buff does not consistently last to the end of Eula's Burst (Lightfall explosion).
Ruin Guard (TCL)
Ruin Guard (Pines)
Game setting at 60 FPS, recorded in 60 FPS.
In each of the videos, the rotation is Rosaria Q > Eula Q N4 hold E N4 (pop). Alt-swap is used for Eula's Burst. In the first two videos, we see that Rosaria's A4 Burst does not last through Eula's Lightfall sword popping while using Rainslasher. However in the TCL, there is evidence that Rosaria's A4 Burst can last through the pop. Both the currently-submitted videos and TCL video have a stable ping of roughly 50 ms. When tested using R1 Song of Broken Pines (which has an attack speed buff), A4 lasted through the pop.
Rosaria's A4 on Eula's Burst is inconsistent at best, and should generally not be assumed to apply when calculating team rotations. This changes with attack speed buffs (e.g. Song of Broken Pines, Jean C2), as Eula also has ample time to swap "early" after the second N4 to trigger the explosion while the A4 buff is still active
The Spindrift Knight, a scion of the old aristocracy, and the Captain of the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company. The reason for which a descendant of the ancient nobles might join the Knights remains a great mystery in Mondstadt to this very day.
Eula Mains Discord
Basic Eula Guide
7 Minute Video Guide to Eula
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Both variants of E are considered blunt attacks, but Icewhirl Brands are not.
Grimheart stacks persist on switch.
The RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Beginning of the animation affect does 400 Poise Damage and has Impulse Type 3.
Glacial Illumination does not snapshot.
Lightfall Sword is still updating live stats when it lights up and is about to explode.
Lightfall stacks cannot be gained once Lightfall Sword lights up right before exploding.
Lightfall Sword does not snapshot even after Eula is swapped off-field, allowing for a 23 frame window to apply team buffs and increase her Burst's damage.
Buffs that work for Lightfall Sword under her Alt-Swap + LFS timer include Rosaria A4, Bennett Burst, 4NO, Lisa A4, Shenhe A4, TTDS, and Zhongli shred.
Rosaria's Shadow Samaritan (A4), does not consistently last to the end of Eula's Burst when immediately activated before Eula's Burst.
Glacial Illumination's cooldown and Energy is reset at hitmark, not cast.
Glacial Illumination cast and Lightfall Sword are both considered blunt attacks
The duration of Glacial Illumination cannot be increased by hitlag.
Lightfall stacks are independent of enemies hit, meaning hitting multiple enemies will not net more stacks compared to hitting one enemy.
The initial hit of Eula's Q does not grant a Lightfall Stack.
Eulas Lightfall Sword damage can be blocked by both wooden and Geo Mitachurl shields.
NA multihits, Hold E Icewhirls, and A1 sword remnant add 1 Lightfall Stack for each damage instance.
Ranges (1 abyss tile is ~2.55m)
Glacial Illumination's cast range: ~8 meters
Lightfall Sword explosion range: ~7 meters
By holding down a directional key during the animation of Glacial Illumination, you are actionable ~4 frames earlier compared to not holding it down.
The damage dealt by Shattered Lightfall Sword scales with Glacial Illumination's talent level.
This damage is considered Elemental Burst damage and is buffed by the effects of 2NO.
Whenever you consume a Grimheart stack, no matter the amount of stacks consumed, the duration of C1 will last a base of 6 seconds + 6 per Grimheart stack.
So one stack is 12s and two is 18s
This effect is additive and applies to both her Lightfall Sword from Glacial Illumination (Burst) and the Lightfall Remnants from Roiling Rime (A1).
Full Talent Values
The corporeal form of extremely high-quality Anemo energies.
Eye of the Storm
The formation of an Eye of the Storm indicates that the elemental ley lines of a region are blocked, which has led to siltation. Its reckless, heedless wielding of storms that all but sweeps people off their feet may be due to its nature as a symbol of the world stricken by malaise.
Creates a vacuum wind area of effect that draws the player to the middle of the circle, and then crashes down hard at the center. After using this ability, it will expose its core for a while.
While in mid-air, the Eye of the Storm charges for a while, and then quickly forms a tornado that charges in a straight line.
Flies high, and starts to channel Anemo power to the earth, creating a wind wall around it that prevents the player from moving away. After a while, it will summon multiple pillars of wind that would chase the player and scatter rocks everywhere, dealing continuous AoE DMG.
While channeling this ability, it will expose its core, a single hit while exposed will make it fall to the ground.
SC and Phys Bonus Don't Affect Fall Damage
Neither Superconduct nor Physical DMG Bonuses affect fall damage for enemies
The average of the fall damage taken by the hilichurl shaman remained the same between column one, where neither SC/phys damage cup is used, and column two, where both are used. Thus, neither of the two affect fall damage. (I have video footage of me collecting the data for this spreadsheet, but the footage is 30 minutes long so I haven't uploaded it. If necessary, I can upload the footage)
Methodology for collecting evidence: In the contending tides event, the "Shock Me, I Dare You!" Extreme Difficulty always spawns one Geo hilichurl shaman. To collect data, I defeated all other enemies in the difficulty except for the shaman, and used Jean to repeatedly launch the shaman into the air. I kept the angle at which Jean launched the shaman the same by always using the maximum possible upward angle, and the distance fallen remained the same because the contending tides arena is flat. I recorded all fall damage numbers in the spreadsheet. Half of the data was collected without Superconduct applied to the shaman or a phys damage cup equipped on Jean, and half of the data was collected with both.
There's no point in using Superconduct or a Physical DMG cup if you're using a fall-damage based strategy to defeat enemies.
Fall damage occurs when an enemy hits the ground or a wall with a certain velocity and inflicts a percentage of their maximum health as damage. This damage is inflicted as Physical damage but is not boosted by Superconduct or Phys DMG% bonuses [1(../../../evidence/combat-mechanics/damage/other/fall-damage.md#sc-and-phys-bonus-dont-affect-fall-damage)].
Charged Attack: No ICD
Elemental Skill Pressurized Collapse: No ICD
Faruzan CA can be automatically aimed at the ground if you dash just after using it.
ARCC works on Faruzan.
Faruzan's Skill makes 2 particles every time after using a Charged Shot.
Faruzan can vertically launch small wildlife with Pressurized Collapse.
It's possible to hit yourself with a hurricane arrow, either on a downward slope or at the edge of a cliff.
Faruzan Pressurized Collapse can kill fish.
Faruzan's Prayerful Wind's Benefit Anemo buff applies to all party members, not just the active character. Any dynamic abilities will still benefit from the buff, and there is no chance of the buff not applying upon swapping characters.
A4: Lost Wisdom of the Seven Caverns
Faruzan A4 is AdditiveBaseDMGBonus
Faruzan's A4 operates as what is currently named AdditiveBaseDMGBonus in the KQM TCL damage formula.
Actual damage closest to AdditiveBaseDMGBonus, variance likely due to rounding error.
C4: Divine Comprehension
Faruzan Particle And C4 Energy Generation
Faruzan has a 5.5s ICD for her particle generation.
C4 Faruzan's Energy generation is independent of the particle generation ICD.
YouTube using C5 Faruzan
No particle produced for the second Hurricane Arrow shot done within 5.5s from the first.
Faruzan's Burst Energy increases after each Hurricane Arrow, regardless of ICD.
Further proof for 5.5s ICD value: YouTube using C3 Faruzan
Datamining info tells that ICD is 5.5s. Video shows no particles produced for the second Hurricane Arrow shot 5.4s after the first, and particles produced for second Hurricane Arrow shot 5.6s after the first.
Both C4 particle generation and ICD affects ERC if it wasn't accounted for.
Correction for TCL which states that Faruzan produces 2 particles every time after using her CS, which is untrue.
C6: The Wondrous Path of Truth
C6 Q can proc Pressurized Collapse. Even Pressurized Collapse can proc additional Pressurized Collapses. - The CEO of
The 3s CD on C6's Pressurized Collapse does not affect the Pressurized Collapses from Faruzan's E. - The CEO of
4p TotM works with Faruzans C6 when activated.
C6 Faruzan Is Dynamic
Pressurized Collapses created through Faruzan's C6 are dynamic and do not snapshot her stats at the time she used her burst.
0:22 - Initial Q damage triggers a Pressurized Collapse: 1041 DMG, affected by Anemo shred and Anemo buff, non-crit.
0:26 - Another Pressurized Collapse is triggered by Faruzan's N1: 2626 DMG, affected by Anemo shred and Anemo buff, crit.
0:30 - Another Pressurized Collapse triggered by Faruzan's N4: 2626 DMG, affected by Anemo shred and Anemo buff, crit.
0:32 - Bennett bursts, activating the 4-Piece ATK Buff of Noblesse Oblige. Note that the Lawachurl has left the AoE of the Dazzling Polyhedron.
0:35 - A Pressurized Collapse is triggered by Faruzan's N1: 3931 DMG, affected by Anemo buff, affected by Bennett Q and 4-Piece Noblesse, crit.
0:38 - A Pressurized Collapse is triggered by Faruzan's N1: 4805 DMG, affected by Anemo shred and Anemo buff, affected by Bennett Q and 4-Piece Noblesse, crit.
0:41 - A Pressurized Collapse is triggered by Faruzan's N2: 4805 DMG, affected by Anemo shred and Anemo buff, affected by Bennett Q and 4-Piece Noblesse, crit.
Useful if someone wants to know how Faruzan's damage is affected by buffs.
C6 Faruzan Coop Pressurized Collapse
C6 Faruzan's Pressurized Collapse cooldown is not shared between Co-op party members, allowing multiple to trigger simultaneously with separate ICD . Additionally, the number of Pressurized Collapses can exceed the number of players in the party .
YouTube - Pressurized Collapse triggering on 5 enemies (0:09) - Note: 100% CRIT Rate
YouTube - 5 Pressurized Collapse triggers with 3 players in Co-op.
Unexpected DPS potential for Faru an in Co-op, particularly in AoE.
Faru C6 Icd Does Not Reset On Burst Recast
Faruzan's Burst does not reset the ICD of her C6 Vortex procs
As you may see, if Faruzan's C6 vortex procs' ICD reset upon burst recast, it would have procced on the damage instance during burst recast.
Imgur as evidence
Faster burst recast does not affect vortex generation, so any hope of overlapping with 5.5s particle generation will not happen because it does not reset. (I can't think of any other practical use other than this niche) Also TCL completion
Faruzan's Pressurized Collapse can trigger a Guoba Swirl.
Faruzan can reliably hit all of Timmie's Pigeons. - Soul
Faruzan can Guoba Swirl. The Anemo application on Guoba Swirl from Faruzan's E is 2U.
A researcher from "one hundred years ago." She enjoys self-identifying as everyone's senior, and has significant knowledge of ancient scripts and machines of all kinds.
Faruzan Quick Guide
Faruzan CA can be automatically aimed in the ground if you dash just after using it.
ARCC works on Faruzan.
Faruzan's skill makes 2 particles after using a charged shot with a 5.5s particle generation ICD.
Its possible to hit yourself with a hurricane arrow, either on a downward slope or at the edge of a cliff.
Faruzan can vertically launch small wildlife with Pressurized Collapse.
Pressurized Collapse can kill fish.
Faruzan's Prayerful Wind's Benefit Anemo buff applies to all party members.
Any dynamic abilities will benefit from the buff, there is no chance of the buff not applying upon swapping characters.
The RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Faruzan's A4 operates as AdditiveBaseDMGBonus in the KQM TCL damage formula.
Energy generation from Faruzan's C4 is independent of the 5.5s particle generation ICD on her skill.
At C6 Burst can proc Pressurized Collapse.
Pressurized Collapse can proc additional Pressurized Collapses at C6.
The 3s CD on C6's Pressurized Collapse does not affect the Pressurized Collapses from Faruzan's E.
4p TotM works with Faruzans C6 when activated.
Pressurized Collapses created through Faruzan's C6 are dynamic and do not snapshot her stats.
Pressurized Collapse cooldown is not shared between Co-op party members.
The number of Pressurized Collapses can exceed the number of players in the party.
Recasting Burst does not reset the 3s CD on Pressurized Collapse.
Full Talent Values
A Fatui secret agent..
The duty of a Fatui agent is to settle debts but not only those of a monetary or goods-in-kind nature. They also ensure dues are paid when it comes to the principle of "an eye for an eye." If there is one thing the Fatui are not known for, it is leniency, and whoever dares to oppose them will invoke the full force of their wrath.
Turns invisible a few seconds after being aggroed by the player, but its silhouette may remain visible should it be affected by certain elements.
Its' footsteps will show up on certain terrain as well.
When using attacks while invisible, the Agent will temporarily show itself.
After using Invisibility, it will create a clone of itself with certain attacks.
Clones can be removed by any source of damage or Elemental applications. Clones are resistant but not immune to Pyro attacks. All Clones are immediately removed if the Pyro Agent is staggered.
At melee range, it can slash their target with a swift knife blow.
When out of melee range, it can dash towards and attack its target with an upwards knife slash.
This attack can be used while invisible, and creates a clone.
Creates 3 rapidly spinning Pyro knives in a wide circle around them. During this attack, the Pyro Agent is immune to stagger, but can still be moved by crowd control attacks. This is always followed by Invisibility.
While invisible and out of melee range, it can use its silhouette to strike.
Creates a clone.
Once six clones are present, the clones will circle the player before charging at them in sequence, with the Pyro Agent performing a final strike from above.
Clones can still be destroyed during this attack, and will reduce the number of sequential attacks before the final plunging strike.
A shortened version of this attack will trigger if six clones are destroyed by the player, after which the Agent will perform 1-5 sequential strikes, depending on the number of clones present.
After this attack, the Pyro Agent will stop generating clones until going invisible again.
A Fatui mage who can command Cryo Cicins in battle..
Fatui Cryo Cicin Mage
Their origins and what they look like under that mask are both mysteries. Reason dictates that those who lack Visions should not be able to control the elements as these mages do. However, in addition to using Mist Grass to control the Cryo Cicins, they also boldly wield the might of frost. Seeing them as they wander the land in their seemingly aimless way, one can't help but wonder about the duty that must compel them...
Summons three Cryo Cicins.
Summoned Cicins will despawn when the Cryo Cicin Mage is defeated.
The mage will only use this ability when no Cicins are summoned.
Commands summoned Cicins to quickly surround the target and simultaneously release a burst of AoE Cryo DMG after a brief delay. After the attack, the Cicins become immobilized briefly.
Teleports summoned Cicins somewhere around the target, then commands them to sequentially charge to the target and release a burst of AoE Cryo DMG after a brief delay.
While charging, Cicins deal Cryo DMG on contact.
Swaps positions with summoned Cicin(s).
Conjures or completely replenishes a Cryo Shield with energy from summoned Cryo Cicin(s).
The Shield disappears when all Cryo Cicins are defeated.
Channels Cryo energy to disgorge ice shards from the ground in a small AoE.
A Fatui mage who can command Electro Cicins in battle..
Fatui Electro Cicin Mage
Their origins and what they look like under that mask are both mysteries. Similarly to the way that Electro Cicins go crazy for Mist Grass, Cicin Mages take great pleasure in toying with their prey.
Summons three Electro Cicins.
Summoned Cicins will despawn when the Electro Cicin Mage is defeated.
The Mage will only use this ability when no Cicins are summoned.
Teleports summoned Cicins into a line in front of the Mage and commands them to charge consecutively at the target in the form of electricity balls. After charging, Cicins become immobilized briefly.
Teleports to a nearby point as an electric current.
The Mage can use this ability immediately after recovering poise, allowing her to blink out of a stagger or knockback animation.
Consecutively teleports up to three times towards the target.
The Mage will only use this ability if far from the target. This is considered a different ability than the regular teleport, so the Mage can use them in succession.
Summons a falling bolt of Electro Energy to strike its foe; leaves behind a static charge that deals Electro DoT to targets within.
Certain versions are able to consecutively summon 3, 4, or 6 thunderbolts instead of just 1.
After ~40 seconds, absorbs all summoned Cicins, conjures an Electro Shield and then begins flying towards the player.
The Shield grants immunity to DMG and increased movement speed (faster than a player's base running speed, but slower than base sprinting speed) and prevents the Mage from being staggered or knocked down.
The Shield continuously deals AoE Electro DMG to surrounding targets.
The Shield depletes gradually over ~12 seconds, but can be depleted faster with Elemental reactions.
Afterwards, the ability needs to recharge over another 40 seconds. The charge rate of this ability is affected by Energy charge rate modifiers.
A Fatui mage who can command the Hydro Mirror with a dignified posture as if she is worshipping the gods..
Fatui Mirror Maiden
Can gracefully manipulate the Hydro Mirror, luring those enchanted by her to willingly fall for her illusion. Nothing can seem to escape her ears. It's not known what those covered eyes have seen, nor what kind of obsession will be reflected...
When Mirror Maiden uses her teleport move, she will randomly teleport in front of the active character or behind him. There are no set patterns, it's pure random. This applies for both "weak" state as well as Polarization.
Can summon a mirror behind them that closes up around them causing them to disappear, then another mirror appears that the Mirror Maiden emerges from.
Mirror Maidens can summon 3 lines of water to drop from the skies creating mirror shards on the ground that form spinning flowers with water around them that then burst out. This attack applies the Refraction status onto the player.
The attack seems to no longer occur after the Mirror Maiden is in Polarization state.
Mirror Maidens can summon an Explosive Splash around themselves if the player attacks in melee range.
This attack applies the Refraction status onto the player.
The attack seems to no longer occur after the Mirror Maiden is in Polarization state.
Mirror Maidens can shoot a Hydro Bullet at the player.
In Polarization state, 3 homing bullets will be shot at once instead.
Mirror Maidens can shoot water into the air that then falls down causing 3 splashes.
This attack is only used when the Mirror Maiden is in Polarization state.
Mirror Maidens can summon temporary small mirror shards around the player and trapping them inside, the player may still move and attack while in the cage but cannot escape by normal means.
This attack is only used when the Mirror Maiden is in Polarization state.
Mirror Maidens summon 3 Hydro Bullets that orbit around them and one that orbits around the player, then many mirrors will be summoned around a player which reflect a laser many times in the area, after which a burst of water erupts.
This attack is only used when the Mirror Maiden is in Polarization state.
Mirror Maiden can be CCed, staggered, and yeeted by Jean during her "weak" state. Her teleportation can also be prevented during this tate.
However, once the player got "marked" with the Refraction status, Mirror Maiden will enter the Polarization state, granting her new abilities as well as complete immunity to CC, stagger, and yeet by Jean.
Some characters' Skills & abilities can escape the Mirror Maiden's Glass Cage.
A skirmisher armed with the ability to manipulate Anemo and heal their comrades..
Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard
They departed from their motherland and did so for its sake. They left their family, yet gained allies to stick through thick and thin with.Perhaps such thoughts are what get them through the unscrupulous work that their missions entail.
Creates an Anemo forcefield in front of itself. This forcefield will stop all damage done to itself. If the forcefields comes in contact with any infuseable Element, it will drop and start vacuuming the player in with great suction force, then throw an infused punch with great force of the absorbed Element.
Dashes to an ally, summoning its forcefield to protect them.
Dashes to the player, summoning its forcefield to block them.
Throws out a simple Anemo-infused punch.
A soldier encased within a Fatui war machine..
Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire
Armed with equipment that can control the elements to a certain extent, their guns are capable of firing jets of frost. Though this may confer elemental power beyond the ken of ordinary humans, that power may yet come at a price...
All resistances +100% additive increase while armored.
Infues itself with a Cryo armor, gaining great resistance and empowering certain attacks. The armor will have its resistance against most elements increased, but has a great weakness to Pyro Elemental application.
Stops in place and starts spraying around with its gun around aiming at the player.
While armored: Walks forward towards the player.
Leaps in the air for a great distance with the help of propulsion from its Cryo tubes, dealing damage on landing.
While armored: this attack is executed much faster.
Charges up for a brief moment before belly slamming into the player.
A sturdily-built skirmisher armed with an Electro-powered war-hammer..
Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard
As a Fatui soldier, one has access to munificent resources: salaries, armaments, and supplies. But at the same time, it also means much time away from home and family and putting one's life in the hands of comrades one has never met.
All resistances +100% additive increase while armored.
Infues itself with an Electro armor, gaining great resistance and empowering certain attacks. The armor will have its resistance against most Elements increased, but has a great weakness to Cryo Elemental application.
Charges up for a medium interval, then smashes its hammer into the ground.
While armored: the smash creates a shock in a medium radius around it.
Upwards swings its hammer, into a follow up attack of smashing it in the ground, and after a short delay a wide swing.
While armored: the swings are significantly faster and infused with Electro.
Charges rapidly towards the player, and upon reaching its destionation, smashes the hammer into the ground.
Charges faster and the smash creates a shock in a medium radius around it.
A skirmisher with the ability to generate a Geo Shield and defend their allies..
Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer
Unlike the elite Mages and Agents, Fatui Skirmishers are soldiers of lesser individual might. To complete their tasks and reduce losses in men and materiel, their tactics are thus more reliant on teamwork.
All resistances +100% additive increase while armored.
Infues itself with a Geo armor, gaining great resistance and gaining new attacks. The armor will have its resistance against most Elements increased, but has a great weakness to blunt attacks and Geo Elemental application.
Shoots a projectile at the player
While armored: Shoots 2 additional projectiles in a wide angle to the left and right of the main one.
Only while armored: Kneels down, sticking its staff into the ground, summoning a great forcefield that will stop all projectiles from outside to strike itself and allies inside.
Only while armored: Teleports a short distance away from the player.
A soldier encased within a Fatui war machine..
Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire
Armed with equipment that can control the elements to a certain extent, their guns are capable of firing jets of water. These skirmishers do not question if they shall live or die as they advance into nations far from home to complete advance missions and lay the groundwork for operations to come.
All resistances +100% additive increase while armored.
Infues itself with a Hydro armor, gaining great resistance and empowering certain attacks. The armor will have its resistance against most Elements increased, but has a great weakness to Electro Elemental application.
Charges up for a brief moment, then shoots a single bubble bullet at the player.
While armored: the bubble bullet is much faster.
Throws a Hydro bubble at its ally, healing it.
While armored: heals for more.
A Fatui soldier who wields a flaming gun..
Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer
Skirmisher weapons can control the elements to a certain extent, and their combat tactics utilize elemental reactions. Their ordnance and knowledge of squad-based combat thus constitute no small threat in battle.
All resistances +100% additive increase while armored.
Infues itself with a Pyro armor, gaining great resistance and empowering certain attacks. The armor will have its resistance against most Elements increased, but has a great weakness to Electro Elemental application.
Takes aim then starts charging up a Pyro bullet at the player's location. The bullet will be shot at the location that was locked on at the start of the charge-up, not the current player location.
While armored: shoots 2 additional bullets after the first one.
Leaps backwards to gain distance from the player.
While armored: takes a quick shot at the player after the leap.
Passive does not proc on shielded enemies
See the Favonius proc calculator for details on how to calculate the probability of the Passive.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Fischl E ICD
Determining Fischl's Elemental Skill's ICD. Fischl's E (Oz) will apply Electro every 4 hits or when a timer reaches 5 seconds after the first Electro application. When the 5 second timer reaches zero, the oz's next hit will apply Electro regardless of the hit counter. When the timer reaches 0 the hit counter will be reset and a new 5 sec timer will begin. This is very similar to Normal Attack ICDs, except instead of 3 Normal Attacks it is 4 oz hits, and instead of a 2.5 sec timer, it is a 5 sec timer.
Significance: A better understanding of ICDs.
Resummoning Oz while he's still active counts as using an Elemental Skill
Both the summoning and re-summoning of Oz with E count as using an Elemental Skill.
For example, they both trigger the 4-Piece Heart of Depth effect.
566 + 142
After E refreshed, Oz now expired:
735 + 185
After HoD buff is gone:
566 + 142
Potentially relevant data for Fischl Main DPS calcs.
Fischl Energy Generation Correction
The probability that Oz generates a Particle on an arbitrary attack (Oz's ATK DMG) is 0.67. This can roughly be translated to 1:2 (with the exact ratio being ~1:2.03030303).
Two hundred trials were used as a sample, totaling to 2400 attacks (C6 Fischl). Of these 2400 attacks, 1609 of them generated a Particle giving P(particle) = 1609/2400 0.67041666667.
Fischl's Energy generation is better than previously thought. Most tools and guides as of now (May 17th, 2022) assume 0.60 as the probability Oz generates a Particle, lower than the actual correct probability.
Fischl Ult Has I-Frames
Finding: Fischl ult has a tiny window that you can use to i-frame through attacks.
Evidence: Video showing no HP loss when Ruin Guard lands
Significance: Fischl has I-Frames on her ult, contrary to the TCL's previous claim that there were none.
Oz Summoned From Ult Snapshots Fischl's Stats When Swapped Out
When Fischl casts Midnight Phantasmagoria and then gets swapped out, she will leave Oz behind, who will take a snapshot of Fischl's stats the moment she leaves the field.
I started off by casting Fischl Skill to show his current DMG which was 665. Then at 00:08, I used Fischl Burst and swapped off when she lost the ATK buff. As you can see, Oz DMG was also 665. Video
For the second video, I used Fischl Burst, but swapped off before she lost the ATK buff. This time, Oz DMG was 1791 which was higher than his previously expected Skill DMG. Video
Not only do you need to be careful about Bennett's ATK buff tick interval, but also need to be careful not to let ATK buff ran out before swapping out of Fischl.
Fischl's A4 Targeting
Fischl's A4 Talent targets the closest enemy to the character, not necessarily the enemy on whom a reaction was triggered
This is something to keep in mind while managing enemy aura
ICD/Gauges for Fischl's Burst and C4
Correction/Additions for ICD/Gauges for Fischl's Burst and C4
There is a unique interaction between various parts of Fischl's kit that causes some of her attacks to miss Ruin Sentinels when unstunned, one of which is her Falling Thunder damage from her Burst. When stunned; however, her Falling Thunder damage instances apply as expected. Abusing this mechanic allows for isolating damage instances of Fischl's Burst and C4 for testing purposes.
Isolating an instance of Fischl's C4 shows that her C4 applies 2U Electro. In the video below, the frame Electro Aura appears is frame 90 and disappears at frame 448. Under 30 FPS, this calculates out to (448 - 90 + 1)/30 ~= 11.9667 seconds, verifying this claim.
30 FPS clip: YouTube
After stunning a Ruin Sentinel, casting Fischl's Burst outside of the C4 range and flying into the Sentinel while in Oz form triggers an instance of Falling Thunder, avoiding any C4 triggers entirely. This allows for verification that her Burst applies 1U Electro. In the video below, the frame Electro Aura appears is frame 360 and disappears at frame 647. Under 30 FPS, this calculates out to (647 - 360 + 1) / 30 = 9.6 seconds, verifying this claim.
30 FPS clip: YouTube
Casting Fischl's Burst within the C4 trigger range against a stunned Ruin Sentinel shows that her Burst and C4 share ICD. The setup for this involves applying 1U Pyro to the Sentinel and casting Fischl's Burst within the C4 trigger range. If Burst and C4 do share ICD, then the expected result would be Overload and no Electro Aura which is verified by the video below.
Fischl's Burst is considered as a Blunt attack and thus can cause Shatter while her C4 cannot.
Burst Shatters: YouTube
C4 does not Shatter: YouTube
Corrects incorrect Elemental gauges (at the time this ticket was submitted) listed on the TCL, reports the discovery of a shared ICD between Fischl's Burst and C4, and the gauge for Fischl's C4.
Oz Flies Over Water
Upon using Midnight Phantasmagoria, Fischl, in the form of Oz, can fly over water. This does not prevent Fischl from obtaining the Wet status.
Has some value in exploration.
A1: Stellar Predator
Fischl A1 Can Proc Prototype Crescent Passive
Finding: Fischl A1 can proc prototype crescent passive on humanoids (hitbox with weakpoint on top)
Ruin Guard - usually it doesn't proc Prototype Crescent, but when you hit Oz in the head, it works.
Significance: Prototype Crescent rises up in weapon choice for a A1 charged shot focused Fischl build. Additionally, you can see that I need to aim to the side of Oz, because he doesn't count as a "target" so there is a parallax effect for aiming, requiring me to aim to the side to hit him.
Fischl A1 Base DMG Multiplier
Fischls 1st Ascension Passive, Stellar Predator, is a raw multiplier (secondary talent multiplier) and not a usual DMG Bonus.
Stellar Predator reads: When Fischl hits Oz with a fully-charged Aimed Shot, Oz brings down Thundering Retribution, dealing AoE Electro DMG equal to 152.7% of the arrows DMG.
Fischls Aimed Shot (non-CRIT) DMG: 244
Fischls Stellar Predator (non-CRIT) DMG: 373
DMG Bonus applicable: 46.6% Electro DMG bonus from an Electro Goblet.
From Fischls Aimed Shot: Base DMG is found to be 244 / (1.466) = 166.44
Hypothesis 1: Stellar Predator is a normal DMG bonus.
Total DMG bonus on Stellar Predator hit = 46.6 + 52.7 = 99.3% DMG Bonus
Therefore, predicted Stellar Predator DMG = 166.44 (1.993) = 331.71
This contradicts the ingame evidence. Hence, Hypothesis 1 is disproved.
Hypothesis 2: Stellar Predator is regarded as Base DMG Multiplier (raw multiplier to the Base DMG)
Predicted Stellar Predator DMG = (166.44) (1.527) (1.466) = 372.59 373
This DMG lines up with the DMG ingame. Hence, Hypothesis 2 is valid.
Fischls 1st Ascension Passive: Stellar Predator is a raw multiplier to her Aimed Shot base DMG. It follows the same DMG calculation as Xingqius C4 Evilsoother or Yoimiyas Elemental Skill Niwabi Fire-Dance. While this finding doesn't change anything about Fischl's normal playstyle, Stellar Predator can be useful early game. It can also be fun for Fischl Mains, it's kind of hard to pull off because Oz's hitbox is extremely tiny.
A4: Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex
Fischl A4 Proc Rate
Fischl's a4 proc rate appears to be less than 1 second, and instead seems to be 0.5s.
Video Appears to be about 0.5s-0.6s cooldown (0.5s if judging from the first frame of each damage number appearing, 0.6s if judging from the first frame of the lightning bolt animation)
Video Using Swirl + Electro-Charged to proc Fischl's A4, there appears to be a 0.5s cooldown (judging from the first frame of the lightning bolt animation)
Team building around enabling Fischl's damage output
Fischl A4 Range tests
Fischl's A4 has a range centered around the triggering character, which is generally greater for characters with ranged attacks. When an attack at the edge of the range triggers an Electro-related reaction Fischl's A4 can fail to trigger. Deployables are factored in to the range as well, such as Beidou Q or Oz himself.
This was tested with Hu Tao's Charged Attack, the end of Noelle's greatsword swings under Burst, and the end of Xiangling's Charge attack infused by Chongyun. A demonstration of how the range is variable by character is shown using Diluc's Burst.
Playlist of all videos
An understanding of the underlying mechanics of Fischl's A4 Passive and possibly future similar effects
Fischl A4 Not 05s
Fischl's A4 cooldown seems to be more than 0.5s or depends on ping.
Here Diluc performs N1 (triggers Overload and Fischl's A4) followed by E (triggers Overload but doesn't trigger Fischl's A4). Judging from the TCL, Diluc's E1 is 45 frames so the delay between two Overloads has to be more than 0.5s but still Fischl's A4 didn't proc.
Here Diluc performs the same combo but with a slight delay, successfully triggering Fischl's A4. The time delay was under 1s.
My ping during the tests is 43ms whereas Terrapin's ping in the tests in the TCL is 28ms. Maybe that's the issue, further testing required.
Affects Diluc gameplay patterns in Overload comps with Fischl.
Spread Does Not Trigger Fischl A4
Spread does not count as an Electro-related reaction for Fischl's A4.
Further understanding of the Spread reaction.
C4: Her Pilgrimage of Bleak
Fischl C4 Damage is Burst Damage
Finding/Bug: Fischl's Constellation 4 damage is considered Burst damage.
Significance: Fischl C4 can benefit from Burst Damage multipliers
Song of Stillness - Fischl C4 interaction
Finding: Fischl C4 can proc Song of Stillness, however the buff does not snapshot on the Oz summoned by her Burst
C6: Evernight Raven
Fischl A4 And C6 Snapshot Mechanics
Fischl's A4 and C6 uses snapshotted stats on Oz cast and recast.
A4 test 1
A4 test 2
C6 test 1
C6 test 2
Helps with accurate calculations as well as rotation crafting.
C6 Fischl Multi-Hit
Finding/Bug: Fischl's C6's coordinated attack does not proc multiple times on multi-hit attacks, but rather procs on attack startup like XQ Rain Swords.
Significance: Fairly important to calcs involving C6 Fischl
How various aspects of Fischl's damage are calculated
C1 "22%" is calculated as a Talent Skill % (MV)
C1 is Physical damage
C1 does not benefit from stringless
C1 can CRIT
C2 "200%" is added to your Skill (E) Talent% (MV)
The Stringless benefits E and Oz' normals
The Stringless passive is added to DMG% in damage formula
Alley Hunter benefits E and Oz' normals
Alley Hunter passive is added to DMG% in damage formula
A4 is calculated as a MV
A4 benefits from stringless passive
A4 can CRIT
C4 is calculated as a separate instance of damage
C4 "222%" is calculated as MV
C4 benefits from stringless
C4 can CRIT
C4 and Q have separate CRIT rolls
C4 damage occurs before Q (higher priority)
C6 is calculated as MV
C6 benefits from stringless
C6 can CRIT
Significance: Better understanding of how Fischl's Ascensions and Constellations are calculated.
Can Sucrose's Normal Attacks (and by extension, Swirl reactions) trigger Fischl's Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex?
I was asked this question on reddit and thought it should be the case since Sucrose' basic attacks are Anemo which will Swirl the Electro debuff on the enemy.
Upon testing, as expected: it works, and Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex can also CRIT.
One more reason to get Sucrose out in the field more often, at least for this use case.
Fischl's C6 Procs 4-Piece Millelith
Fischl's C6 counts as a proc for 4ToM's effect
In the video it shows Fischl's stats and equipment before proccing 4ToM, Oz is then summoned outside of his normal E range and doesn't do damage therefore not proccing 4ToM and C6 is used. As can be seen C6 does count as a proc for 4ToM. Oz is resummoned near the Ruin guard at the end to show that the damage that came from the first one was indeed from C6 and not from Oz's E shot (~2k damage on E, ~350 damage on C6 proc)
Normally not useful since Oz even without C6 should be enough to have 100% uptime on 4ToM while he's out. But there could be cases where Oz misses from some reason (maybe an obstacle) then C6 can cover for that and make 4ToM a bit more consistent. C6's Range is also larger than Oz's E shots so there could be fringe cases where Oz is out of range but you can still proc 4ToM using her C6.
Oz and Baron Bunny
Finding/Bug: Oz is able to target Baron Bunny if Fischls Ascension 1 passive, Stellar Predator is triggered, despite having no enemies nearby. The passive may or may not deliver a Thundering Retribution onto the Baron Bunny as shown in the two videos below.
Without Thundering Retribution
With Thundering Retribution
Significance: The authors are unsure if it is due to the spaghetti code of the game or intended design, but this is a fun little interaction that they have discovered.
Fischl A1 Amos Interaction
Finding: Fischl A1 Amos buff is based on the distance between Oz and enemy, not fischl and Oz.
Significance: Social distancing
C6 Fischl doesn't fire with C6 Yoi
Finding: C6 Fischl's coordinated attacks will not fire a coordinated attack with C6 Yoimiya's extra kindling arrows
Video 1 and Video 2 to help break it down (credits to Xethrion to help provide footage of C6 Yoimiya and C6 Fischl)
Step 1. Fire Yoimiya's N1, see how many Fischl's C6 numbers appears
Step 2. Fire Yoimiya's N1 but ensure C6 activates, see how many Fischl's C6 numbers appears
Significance: C6 Yoimiya does not turn Oz into a true mini gun, and the rate of C6 Fischl's coordinated attacks is limited by Yoimiya's innate Normal string combo.
A mysterious girl who calls herself "Prinzessin der Verurteilung" and travels with a night raven named Oz.
Fischl Mains Discord
Fischl Quick Guide
5 Minute Video Guide to Fischl
Fischl Support Weapon Rankings by
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Fischl's max damage ceiling is 245.81% MV/s for a N2-LMB combo, but reaching this level is not realistic for humans.
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
When Oz is already on the field, this ability repositions him next to Fischl instead, without modifying his remaining duration.
Oz is able to target Baron Bunny after Fischls Ascension 1 passive, Stellar Predator is triggered, despite having no enemies nearby. The passive may or may not deliver a Thundering Retribution onto the Baron Bunny.
When Oz is repositioned via the use of this Elemental Skill, it counts as a use of an Elemental Skill and it re-snapshots Fischl's stats.
Oz's normal attacks shares ICD with her C6.
Fischl may not attack, cast, or dash during the duration of this ability.
Summons Oz when the effect ends.
If Oz is already on the field, this will reset his duration instead.
You can swap characters during Fischl's Midnight Phantasmagoria to exit the Burst early.
Midnight Phantasmagoria only has invulnerability frames (iframes) on startup.
After summoning Oz with Midnight Phantasmagoria and swapping off of Fischl, Oz will snapshot Fischl's stats right before she leaves the field.
Midnight Phantasmagoria is considered a blunt attack and will Shatter Frozen enemies.
Upon using Midnight Phantasmagoria, Fischl, in the form of Oz, can fly over water. This does not prevent Fischl from obtaining the Wet status.
This can be used to activate the passive on Prototype Crescent when the bolt hits a humanoid, as the top of their heads are their weakpoint hitbox.
The AoE Electro DMG is calculated as a raw multiplier to Fischl's Aimed Shot Base DMG, not as a normal DMG Bonus.
There is a ~0.5s timer between A4 procs (it seems to be either more than 0.5s or depends on ping).
At edges of long range attacks, it may not trigger since they must be within a certain range of the active character.
The bolt from Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex targets the closest enemy to the character, which could be a separate enemy from whom a reaction was triggered.
Undone By Thy Sinful Hex uses snapshotted stats on Oz cast and recast.
Spread does not trigger Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex.
This is an echo effect.
C2 is calculated as additional MV added to Nightrider's Summoning MV. Example: At T9, Nightrider's Summoning MV becomes 396.25% when factoring in C2.
C2 does not affect Oz's turret attack damage.
C4 can CRIT and has separate CRIT rolls from Q.
C4 damage occurs before Q (higher priority)
C4 is not a blunt attack and will not Shatter Frozen enemies.
C4 can trigger the Song of Stillness passive, however it does not snapshot onto the oz summoned by that burst.
C6 coordinated attacks share ICD with Oz's Normal Attacks.
The coordinated attack only procs once on multi-hit attacks.
Oz normal attacks a total of 12 times over the C6 duration.
C6 uses snapshotted stats on Oz cast and recast.
Full Talent Values
Hitlag has no effect on food buff durations
Hitlag has no effect on food buff durations.
(2 defence food, 2 ATK food, 2 potions, 1 recovery, and 1 stamina)
Food buffs are fundamentally different from the buffs that do extend. May be useful for future food buffs.
Hitlag has no effect on food buff durations.
Hitlag Extends Elemental Aura Duration
Elemental Aura durations are affected by hitlag, much like any other enemy debuff.
In the first example in the video, there is no hitlag. The Electro aura lasts for 566 frames, or 9.43 seconds.
In the second example, Razor causes as much hitlag as possible. The Electro aura lasts for 11.41 seconds, longer than expected.
We can extend aura durations with hitlag to give ourselves more time to cause reactions.
Unfortunately this means a lot of our frame counts of Elemental durations will be off by a few frames, because of the hitlag on the moves that apply the Element.
Normal Attack Hitlag can Extend Skill/Burst Duration
Normal Attack hitlag can extend the duration of some Skills/bursts, such as Xiao's Burst.
Timestamps: (subtract 1:22:00; timestamps are from pre-editing) Google Doc
The duration of Xiao's Burst appears to be calculated from the frame the CD starts, which matches with when Xiao's tattoos light up. Extended duration after the CD start is entirely due to hitlag, not remaining animation. Animation may only appear to extend duration because CD start is delayed.
Hitlag extension should be taken into account when simulating Skills/Bursts such as Xiao's Burst, as they cause the Skill to last longer.
Hitlag Extension Caveats
Deployables (Skills and constructs that stay on the field for a set amount of time) do NOT have duration extended by normal attack hitlag.
The duration is only affected by their own activation hitlag (i.e. Xiangling's melee hits on her Burst) and single-player world pauses (menu, character death, etc).
The buffs caused by deployables, such as Chongyun's Cryo infusion, do have their durations extended by normal attack hitlag.
Bennett Field Buff
00:01:11 - Q press
00:01:46 - CD start
NA spam (should add ~1s via hitlag)
00:13:41 - last heal
00:14:01 - AoE fully faded
Q circle lasted 12s
Chongyun Field Buff
00:08:53 - E press
00:09:28 - E CD Start
NA Spam (should add ~1.5s hitlag)
00:19:32 - CD on Skill hits 4.9 seconds
00:19:39 - AoE fully faded
00:21:43 - CD on Chongyun's Skill hits 2.7s (when the infusion effect should end)
00:21:59 - Infused Weapon effect ends
E circle lasted ~10s; Cryo infusion lasted 0.16 seconds longer than expected
Xiangling Hitlag Extension
With Hitlag on Startup
00:26:28 - Q press
00:26:47 - Q CD Start, Q hitlag start
00:26:54 - Q hitlag end (7 frames)
00:27:06 - Q hitlag start
00:27:13 - Q hitlag end (7 frames)
00:27:27 - Pyronado Entity spawns
00:27:35 - Q hitlag start
00:27:42 - Q hitlag end (7 frames)
some NA spam (should extend Pyronado by ~2s due to hitlag if hitlag were to actually extend pyronado)
00:41:10 - Pyronado Entity disappears, 5.6s CD left
00:41:15 - 5.5s cd
from Q press: 14:42
from CD start: 14:23
from entity spawn: 13:43
Without Hitlag on Startup
00:15 - Q pressed
00:34 - CD started
01:02 - Pyronado entity spawned
14:45 - Pyronado entity disappears at 5.8s CD left
14:46 - Explosion animation starts
from Q press: 14:30
from CD start: 14:16
from entity spawn: 13:44
As shown, in the case of Xiangling, while her hitlag (on the second melee hit; the Skill's cooldown starts after the first hit, so its hitlag has no benefit) delays the spawn, effectively reducing the cooldown by 6 or 7 frames (0.100s - 0.117s), this effect is negligible.
The third melee hit does not matter, since the Pyronado entity has spawned by the third hit, and hitlag does not extend its duration.
Hitlag extension should be ignored when theorycrafting deployables' and Bennett's/Chongyun's buff/infusion uptime.
Preliminary Analysis of How Invincibility Frames Work
Raw footage at end of post. All footage taken at 60fps. Halve figures for 30fps. Assumptions - Hit is registered on the frame before knockback animation starts playing.
From this we can infer the large slime's jump attack's active hitbox begins on the frame its landing "spark" appears.
Methodology - Startup frames determined by dashing as close to slime landing as possible.
Total frames determined by dashing into the center of the slime landing as close to 25 frames as possible, after establishing likely total frames by dashing repeatedly under Stormterror beam and counting frames until Particle effect triggers.
Startup - Failed dodge at 2 frames from input, succeeded at 4 frames from input. Conclusion - 3 frames startup time.
Total - Lowest counted frames from dashing under Stormterror beam 26 frames. Failed slime dodge at 26 frames, succeeded at 24 frames.
Conclusion - PROBABLY 20 active frames give or take 1.
Latency - Hit detection is calculated client-side, as startup time is significantly lower than my latency to the server.
Time taken - A few hours of testing, 20 years of training to make frame-perfect inputs on a consistent basis.
Startup time footage
Stormterror 4Head footage (don't look at this)
Total active time footage
TL;DR - 3 startup frames, 20 active frames give or take 1 frame from each.
Aim Mode Frame Counts
Standardized aim mode frame counts for bow characters.
Frames were recorded at 60fps, using a macro to find the minimum consistent frame counts.
More accurate counts for the TCL.
Burst Idle iFrames
Certain characters' Elemental Bursts provide iFrames far beyond the first cancellable frame. However, these iFrames are only active until the player inputs any action, after which they are immediately cancelled, thus the name "Idle iFrames."
Spreadsheet of data
Clips used to measure
Two values were needed to calculate the Idle iFrames a character's Burst has: The "First Switch Frame" (FSF) and the "Total Invulnerability Length" (TIL).
FSF is the first frame a character switch can occur after using a Burst. This was measured by using a character's Elemental Burst while spamming the character switch buttons. As a result, FSF is the total number of frames from the first frame of a character's Burst animation to the first frame the character actually switches model, including the former, excluding the latter.
TIL was measured by using a character's Burst while taking damage from both Sheer Cold as well as Signora's icy floor (and sometimes Signora's icicle attacks). This method was used as it is the most consistent ticking damage as well as effectively the fastest ticking damage. When measuring TIL, all frames between the first frame of a character's Burst animation and the first frame of damage taken are considered iFrames, including the former frame, excluding the latter. In cases where the character took damage after their Burst animation started, the starting point of the TIL would be the frame after they took damage.
The total number of Idle iFrames was calculated as Idle iFrames = TIL - FSF. Keep in mind that these will have a margin of error, as damage taken has been found to be server side, rather than client, 2021-12-17).
Prime Example: Keqing was observed to have the longest total invulnerability as well as the greatest number of idle iFrames, avoiding damage for a total of 347 frames (5.783 seconds), 222 frames (3.7 seconds) longer than her first switch frame. This is significantly longer than the "2 seconds" that many others cite.
These additional iFrames may prove useful in dodging/iFraming incoming attacks without the use of stamina, or dodging long attacks, such as Maguu Kenki's "Phantom: Flowing Water" attack (during the Vagabond Sword event). Knowing these values may also help others in knowing around when you'll start taking damage after pressing the Burst button.
Catalyst N1 Buffer
All catalyst characters have 3 distinct lengths for their N1. Under normal circumstances, they will always use their regular (short) version. However, inputting a normal attack immediately out of a dash or sometimes on the first few frames of a walk input will lead to the N1 having significantly increased animation frames (long version). Inputting a normal attack out of a previous normal attack string leads to a slightly lengthened animation (medium version).
The exact frames for the short and long versions for all catalyst characters are:
Barbara: 10 short, 22 long
Kokomi: 15 short, 23 long
Klee: 28 short, 37 long
Lisa: 20 short, 30 long
Mona: 15 short, 24 long
Ningguang (when she doesn't spin): 54 short, 60 long
Sucrose: 15 short, 25 long
Yanfei: 22 short, 27 long
Yae: missing data
A couple of basic buffering scenarios with Kokomi: YouTube
W (walk) N2 scenario with Kokomi: YouTube
This test shows ~6 - 9 frame difference on the length of the N1 between a regular attack and a walk -> attack.
Frame data for all catalyst characters on regular vs dash buffered Normal Attacks: Google Doc
Better optimization of catalyst attack strings.
Many things in Genshin Impact are affected by the game's FPS, e.g. animations, timers, and some turrets. The standard FPS for frame counting is 60 unless otherwise specified. Everything in the TCL is done with macros to achieve perfect frame counts (in most cases this is the fastest possible variant of every attack).
Different players have very different skill levels, so consider that when using these frames and add accordingly. Since macros aren't often used in actual gameplay, a good starting point is adding 10 frames to every attack to account for human error.
For image previews, see here.
Animation cancel: Performing an action to reduce the recovery frames of an attack.
Grayout: When an icon turns gray indicating that the button can't be pressed.
Hitlag: The character getting "frozen" while the enemies and environment continue moving.
Hitmark: When a "splash" appears at the point of contact between the weapon and the enemy.
Multi-hit: An attack that consists of 2 or more hits that cannot be performed separately.
MV: Also known as Motion Value, a synonym of Talent Multiplier.
MV/s: Motion Value in relation to time (in seconds).
Neutral position: Character standing with the weapon behind their back.
Recovery: Time in-between hitmark and the start of the following animation.
Release: When a projectile attack is released from the character. This is used instead of the hitmark because it's not affected by travel time.
Normal and Charged Attack
Normal Attack animations consist of:
Start, which is the first frame that the character leaves neutral position.
Hitmark, which either happens before or during hitlag if the attack has hitlag.
Recovery, which varies depending on the following action.
By default, this is the following Normal Attack in the string (and N1 if it's the character's last Normal Attack).
For Sword, Claymore, Polearm, and Catalyst users, the N1 animation starts when the attack button is pressed down; the rest of the Normal Attack animations start when the button is lifted up, and if it's held down for a certain amount of time a Charged Attack animation will start instead of the following Normal Attack animation. As for Bow users, all Normal and Charged Attack animations start when the attack button is lifted up.
Most Normal Attacks can be animation canceled at any time with Skill, Burst, dash, jump, and swap before the attack goes through; so not only do these actions cancel recovery, but they can also cancel the attack itself. These cancels are not listed on character pages unless a Normal Attack can't be animation canceled, because in most cases they can and we can just use the same frame as the hitmark for the earliest animation cancel, assuming frame-perfect inputs. This does not occur with most other attacks as the input for these actions is either buffered or ignored (e.g. pressing the Normal Attack button right after pressing the Elemental Burst button does nothing), meaning for the most part only Normal Attacks can be canceled completely while with other attacks only recovery can be canceled.
Charged Attacks have a lot in common with Normal Attacks, the biggest difference is that the Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst icons are grayed out, meaning they can not be pressed; and sometimes other character icons are grayed out as well, but this depends on the character unless it's a bow user, in which case all Charged Attacks gray out everything. In general, if the swap cancel frame and the Charged Attack hitmark are the same or close enough, it's possible to swap in the middle of a Charged Attack.
Elemental Skill and Burst
The "CD" column in character pages refers to the frame in which the CD timer appears. On this frame, the actual CD value is either -0.1s or the same as it's listed on the Talent page in-game, however, it's worth noting that in the case it starts with the same integer as listed in-game, it will jump from .0s to -0.2s in one frame.
The "Energy" column refers to the frame when Energy is drained from the character's Elemental Burst. Energy is ping-dependent, and most of the data on the TCL uses ~20ms ping. In the case that some frame counts do not use ~20ms ping, it will be specified in the notes.
Skill and Burst cancels are usually identical in terms of how many recovery frames they can cancel.
Dash and Jump
While each character's dash and jump animations take a different amount of time, similar to Skills and Bursts, dash and jump also cancel the same amount of recovery frames (they can vary 1~3 frames but that's to be expected of the same action anyway). In general, dashing (normal and alternate dash) takes 20 frames and jumping takes 30 frames, give or take 1~3 frames.
Just like Energy, character swap is also ping-dependent. The total amount of time needed to perform a swap is called Swap Latency, and is calculated as follows:
Hitlag can affect both buff durations and aura durations. By hitting enemies with attacks that have hitlag, we can extend the duration of some effects. Hitlag extension depends on the attack used under the effect, and only applies to the character performing attacks with poise-extendable hitlag and the enemy being attacked; it does not affect the Talent that provides the buff/aura or enemies that are not being attacked.
Below is a list of everything affected by hitlag extension.
Arataki Itto's Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!
Hu Tao's Guide to Afterlife
Kamisato Ayato's Kamisato Art: Kyouka
Lisa's Induced Aftershock
Lisa's Pulsating Witch
Lisa's Violet Arc
Noelle's Sweeping Time
Raiden Shogun's Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu
Razor's Lightning Fang
Qiqi's Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune
Tartaglia's Cutting Torrent
Tartaglia's Havoc: Obliteration
Tartaglia's Sword of Torrents
Xiao's Bane of All Evil
Yoimiya's Ryuukin Saxifrage
Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner
There are some Talentsnamely deployablesunable to be extended by hitlag, known instances include but are not limited to the following.
Bennett's Inspiration Field
Chongyun's Chonghua Frost Field
Input and Buffer
Input lag is known as the time between a button being pressed and the game recognizing it. When using an input overlay we can see that the animation will usually start 2 frames after the input occurs, meaning the game receives said input sometime between 0 and 2 frames.
Buffering refers to the game "storing" an input, e.g. when pressing the Normal Attack button twice in a row (the first time before N1 and the second time during N1), you will get N1 followed by N2 because N2 is buffered. Most Normal and Charged Attacks can be buffered, but Bow Charged Attacks cannot. As mentioned above, any action after Normal Attacks (except the next Normal Attack or Charged Attack) can't be buffered because it will cancel the Normal Attack immediately when the action is input. Any action after swapping to a character also can't be buffered, meaning you have to wait until the new character appears before inputting an action for it to go through.
Catalyst N1 Buffer
All Catalyst users have 3 distinct animation lengths for their N1. Under normal circumstances, they will always use their regular (short) version. However, inputting a Normal Attack immediately out of a dash or sometimes on the first few frames of a walk input will lead to the N1 having significantly increased animation frames (long version). Inputting a Normal Attack out of a previous Normal Attack string leads to a slightly lengthened animation (medium version).
For more detailed information and specific frame counts, see the vault entry.
Burst Idle I-Frames
Certain characters' Elemental Bursts provide i-frames far beyond the first cancelable frame. However, these i-frames are only active until the player inputs any action, after which they are immediately canceled.
Spreadsheet of data
Wiki: Hitlag Data
Spreadsheet: Frame Count Database
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uf2P0q9X19lAF4QG82fz3QnphAbKi3MeZfcNUcPFw/edit?usp=sharing, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky-8k4DS0hQ - @soloxcx
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HN27QpER7lhgWJrt2HxsdnTc0i135lxqzLXhveEsD0/edit?usp=sharing - @kolibri..
Gauges and ICD: https://youtu.be/WX4x9YENsg - @soulfish
By holding the attack button with good timing it is possible to infinitely extend the spin CA. While other characters can achieve this through menuing, Freminet can do this without any menus. Can be performed after N1, N2 or N3
https://youtu.be/4MyuSvfHLww - @mustproceedquickly
https://youtu.be/f3QdW1sbWA - @maelstromica
Energy gen: Freminet energy gen is 2 particles on the upthrust of his E, but never his down thrust on Shattering Pressure LVL0-3. On level 4 Shattering Pressure, he generates 1 particle on hit. During burst, he generates 1 particle on upthrust, and 1 particle on level 4 Shattering Pressure - @emmaus
https://youtu.be/Uhm7mbA8 (Level 0)
https://youtu.be/jyFjgVHX5zc (Level 4)
https://youtu.be/nOQPdFS5yYc (Level 4, burst)
Freminet's Skill cooldown starts on its first cast. In the attached footage, it is possible to see that the remaining cooldown displayed after the 2nd Skill cast is lower according to the time that has passed since activating Pers Timer. - @polomo
The Pers Timer state persists through swaps - https://youtu.be/ZgVjnbyOhSI - @polomo
If you jump or fall from any height after you reach 4 stacks with his E, you will be able to keep doing normal attacks despite being at full stacks, and you can only E2 by pressing E again - https://imgur.com/a/zIyHFuZ https://imgur.com/a/UFi31on - @f99shi
The 200% Frost DMG during Freminet's Burst is a Base DMG Multiplier - https://youtu.be/4u813DPXsio - @polomo
A reserved young man who is well-versed in diving. Beneath his distant, icy demeanor lies a pure heart bereft of all flaws.
Freminet Mains Discord
Full Freminet Written Guide
Freminet Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
By holding the attack button with good timing it is possible to infinitely extend the spin CA.
Freminet's Skill generates 2 particles on his upthurst and 1 on level 4 Shattering Pressure. During burst, he generates 1 particle on upthurst and 1 on level 4 Shattering Pressure instead.
Freminet's Skill cooldown starts on its first cast.
The Pers Timer state persists through swaps.
If you jump or fall from any height after you reach 4 stacks with his E, you will be able to keep doing normal attacks despite being at full stacks, and you can only E2 by pressing E again.
The 200% Frost DMG during Freminet's Burst is a Base DMG Multiplier.
Full Talent Values
A mysterious "lord" of hilichurls that stalks the snow and fog..
This huge hilichurl is referred to as a "lawa" by its brethren. Its body, honed to the very limit, almost seems to blend into its Cryo-filled environment, and its stoic nobility is like that of the Frozen northland rivers.
Punches its chest and gives a battle cry before infusing itself with a Cryo armor. This attack will always be the first one attempted at the start of the fight, and can be done again after the armor is broken.
While protected by the armor, certain attacks will be upgraded.
Takes a wide right swing at the player.
Takes a left swing followed up by a right punch into the ground.
Goes into a crouch start position, and after a short delay quickly dashes in the direction of the player, inflicting large body slam damage.
Armor Upgrade: While dashing, it will leave multiple Cryo mines along its path. Those mines will explode once the player touches them.
Executes a high, long jump to the player's location, dealing massive damage on its landing.
Armor Upgrade: Freezes the ground on the landing spot, continuously dealing damage to the player if standing in it.
Leans forward, grabbing multiple Cryo slimes to throw at the player from ranged distance. This move will not spawn any slimes, they're simply projectiles.
Armor Upgrade: Grabs a single large Cryo slime instead.
The following attack can only be used while protected by the armor: Smashes the ground with both fists, raising up a multitude of Cryo spikes from the ground in a short radius around it.
A spore organism of some intelligence. It possesses extreme adaptability.
Research has shown that this sort of fungal beasts internal electric current will change periodically. If further developed, perhaps this study may give rise to a wide range of uses
The Dendro Fungus has 5% more Dendro RES than the other variants, with a total of 25%.
Stretchy Anemo Fungus
Whirling Cryo Fungus
Floating Dendro Fungus
Whirling Electro Fungus
Stretchy Geo Fungus
Floating Hydro Fungus
Stretchy Pyro Fungus
Frame Data - Google Sheets - caramielle, charliex3000, and Eris
Arkhe: 0U - Video - acerbus114
Initial Cast: 1U - Video - ham2105
Pets: 1U - Video - ham2105
Burst: 1U - Video - ham2105
CA: Default, separate from NAs - Video - soulfish
Usher: 2 hit ICD
Chevalmarin: 2 hit ICD
Crabaletta: No ICD
Video - flyingzambie
Skill: Dynamic - Video - soulfish
Arkhe (Spiritbreath Torn/Surging Blade) attacks do not share a CD - Video - soulfish
Arkhe attacks count as NA damage - Video - mythikosontos
Effects triggered by NA damage cannot proc while off-field
Mistsplitter on-field, Mistsplitter off-field - acerbus114
LoFI on-field, LoFI off-field - acerbus114
Furina can CA without first doing N1, and she is able to buffer a CA after her last NA - Video - soulfish
Arkhe attacks apply 0U Hydro. It can interact with Romaritime Flowers and Flaming Flowers - Video - acerbus114
Particle Generation: 8, 1 particle every ~3.25 seconds - Google Sheets - jamberry and charliex3000
Hit Rate Statistics: - Google Sheets - charliex3000 and freenek
Healing range is approximately 7.5 abyss tiles - Video - sharaths21312
Salon members drain HP at the start of their attacks - Video - soulfish
Only one instance of Furina's Skill can exist in Co-Op - Video - zerodyme.
HP is drained even if Furina's Skill hits inaminate objects - Video - yuvx
Furina CAx2 resets summons - Video - flyingzambie
CA resets pet attack timers and can be used to increase the amount of hits some of them do - Video 1, Video 2 - soulfish
The HP drain can be iframed with burst, This negates fanfare gain, but it still counts towards the DMG bonus from eligible members - Video 1, Video 2 - soulfish
Ranged CAs are not able to change Salon member targeting above a certain (short) distance - Video - soulfish
Burst fanfare range is approximately 14-15 domain tiles, and lingers after leaving range - Video - clevernt
Burst follows the Furina around, giving the buff to anyone nearby in Co-Op - Video - clevernt
Fanfare resets before Furina's Burst does damage, this also includes any benefits from her C2 (see HP in clip) - Video - soulfish
There is a fanfare crowd animation at every 25% of total fanfare. There is a final flash when you have max fanfare.
At C0, this is at 75/150/225 fanfare for crowd, and 300 for flash - Video - edisonsmathclub
At C1+, this is at 100/200/300 fanfare for crowd, and 400 for flash - Video - twce
The animation of the 1st crowd needs to have a HP change to proc (C1 grants an immediate 150 stacks) - Video - twce
Furina pets drain hp and convert it to fanfare stacks before their own hit takes place. HP drain is sequential with the most likely order being onfielder last and the rest are in the order of their party slots - Google Sheet, Video - isthismaddie and paimonbukeyi
Reviving a fallen party member counts as HP change and can give fanfare stacks - Video - sharaths21312
A1: Endless Waltz
A1 only excludes herself, not other Furinas in co-op. Additionally, it can trigger from healing from other Furinas' a1 passives - Video - steno119
C1: Love Is a Rebellious Bird That None Can Tame
Burst cast damage benefits from C1 stacks - Video - soulfish
C4: Singer of Many Waters
C4 restores energy even on overheal - Video - soulfish
C6: Hear Me Let Us Raise the Chalice of Love!
Furina does not lose Center of Attention when swapping - Video - twce
Arkhe attack's damage is increased by C6's damage increase effect (18% Max HP). They do not count toward the trigger limit - video - annoying
Furina C6 is not a true infusion, and does not entirely act like one. When active she is unable to hit trees but still able to destroy things like bushes, unlike true infusions - Video - soulfish
Furina C6 Hydro infusion is independent from the DMG bonus, attacks will snapshot if they should be infused, but not the C6 DMG bonus - Video - soulfish
In addition queuing a charged attack after the 6th proper hit (not after plunge) will keep the infusion but not any dmg bonus. Plunge collision also benefits from the base 18% scaling and does not contribute to the hit limit either.
Skill's HP drain does not reduce Serpent Spine stacks - Video - imaginebeinggoodatthegame
The absolute focus of the stage of judgment, until the final applause sounds.
Furina Mains Discord
Full Furina Written Guide
Furina Quick Guide
# Minute Video Guide to Furina
take frames (with hitlag -> na column) and mv/s from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l5DOZ6RgYYMIxMtJtd7oQNL9WWVNXcQL0nwan7q7QGc/edit?usp=sharing
Furina frames: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nNKfwu7BISm78JpPX6-fLFFRFU2r19a42hr15potaD0/edit#gid=0
take poise damage (rounded to 2 decimal points) and impulse type from https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/InterruptionResistance/Data or the character's wiki page
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Arkhe (Spiritbreath Torn/Surging Blade) attacks do not share a cooldown.
Arkhe attacks count as Normal Attack damage.
Furina is able to perform a Charged Attack without needing to do a Normal Attack first.
Elemental Skill generatse 1 particle every ~3.25 seconds.
Salon members drain HP at the start of their attacks.
Charged Attack resets attack timers and be used to increase the amount of hits.
Fanfare stacks reset before Let the People Rejoice's Skill DMG hits.
Reviving a fallen party member counts as HP change and gains fanfare stacks.
There is a crowd animation at every 25% of total Fanfare stacks, with a final animation at max Fanfare.
"Let The People Rejoice"'s initial damage benefits from C1 stacks.
"Singer of Many Waters" restores energy even on overheal.
"Center of Attention" does not end when Furina swaps out.
Full Talent Values
Featured Character Banner
Before 74 Pulls (Soft Pity), the following chart details the probabilities of obtaining units/characters
After the soft pity, the probability of the 5 increases by the base rate 10, making it significantly more probable to receive a 5.
The featured characters also have increased rates of pulling. The next 5 is guaranteed to be the featured character if you roll a 5 that is not featured. Similarly, for the 4 characters, a featured 4 is guaranteed if a 4 is rolled that is not featured.
Thus, the rates before pity weighting are as follows:
Estimated number of 5 pulls to get desired character:
Number of pulls needed to get different results seperated by the 50th, 95th and 99th Percentile:
Featured Weapon Banner
Before 63 Pulls (Soft Pity), the following chart details the probabilities of obtaining units/characters
After the soft pity, the probability of the 5 increases by the base rate 10, making it significantly more probable to receive a 5.
The featured characters also have increased rates of pulling. The next 5 is guaranteed to be a featured weapon if you roll a 5 that is not featured. Similarly, for the 4 weapons, a featured 4 is guaranteed if a 4 is rolled that is not featured. This guarantee will carry over across banner changes. With Epitomized Path, a selected specific featured 5 weapon is guaranteed only on the 3rd 5 pull following 2 other 5 pulls which were not the selected 5 weapon. Epitomized Path progress does not carry over across banner changes (resetting every 3 weeks).
Thus, the rates before pity weighting are as follows:
Estimated number of 5 pulls to get desired weapon, with and without Epitomized Path or featured weapon pity (from a previous not-featured pull):
Number of pulls needed to get different results seperated by the 50th, 95th and 99th Percentile:
Before 74 Pulls (Soft Pity), the following chart details the probabilities of obtaining units/characters
After the soft pity, the probability of the 5 increases by by the base rate 10, making it significantly more probable to receive a 5.
The rates before pity weighting are as follows:
There are additional wish mechanics within the Standard Banner that complicate these probabilities. The Standard Banner has an underlying mechanic that ensures players do not roll weapons and characters multiple times consecutively. For 4 characters and weapons, you must receive at least one of each within 30 wishes. For 5 characters and weapons, you must receive at least one of each within 270 wishes.
Soft Pity on Banners
Finding: Soft pity is 74 on the featured character/standard banner, and 63 on the weapon banner.
Evidence: Wish Tally 1, Wish Tally 2 and Wish Tally 3
The second link shows that the probability of rolling a 5-Star massively increased on the 74th roll, as opposed to the 75th, and the third link shows that the probability for rolling a featured weapon on the weapon banner massively increased on the 63rd roll, not the 65th.
Significance: fixing misconceptions that soft pity is 75/65, allowing players to save their primogems more effectively
Estimated 5-Star Pulls for Weapons/Characters
Finding: It takes approximately 12.5 5-Star pulls to R5 a specific weapon
Average 5-Stars pulled for specific rate up 5-Star weapon:
R1 weapon (no pity) - 2.5
R1 weapon (with pity) - 2.25
R5 weapon (not starting with pity) - 12.5
R5 weapon (starting with pity) - 12.25
Average 5-Stars pulled for rate up 5-Star character
c0 character (no pity) - 1.5
c6 character (not starting with pity) - 10.5
c6 character (starting with pity) - 10
I made a program to brute force 10,000,000 trials of attempting to R5 a specific rate up 5-Star using the pity rules for the weapon banner. On average it will take a player 12.5 5-Star pulls to R5 their desired weapon if they only want one of the rate up 5-Star weapons. This leads to an average rate of 40% for a specific 5-Star weapon on the rate up banner.
Significance: This information can be useful for whales to figure out around how many pulls they will need to get a specific R5 on average.
Resin Efficiency of Acquaint Fates from Character Levelling
Level all characters to 20/40 for the Fate.
From that point, getting them to 50/60 takes around 2 days of F2P resin budget.
This is worth overall, as there are no other ways to convert Resin to rolls. I would treat the 70/80 Fate as a bonus rather than the goal. It costs 5 days worth of resin, which is probably not worth the expected rewards from a single roll.
With the introduction of acquaint fates from character leveling in 1.2, it is now possible to convert resin to rolls.
A question that many will have is how much does that Acquaint fate actually cost, in terms of resin investment. To answer this, I aggregated character leveling and ascension costs to hit the Fate thresholds.
Note that this is for WL7 drop rates, and only includes permanent sources of materials (i.e. Event rates are not considered).
20/40 is a no brainer for the Fate, do it now to get it out of the way.
20/40 to 50/60 is actually an investment of ~427.2 resin for the fate.
50/60 to 70/80 is 5 days worth of F2P resin budget. Consider if you have no other uses for resin.
Weapon banner Gacha Rates with Epitomized Path
Weapon banner gacha rates with Epitomized Path.
Analytic solution, no pity: 1.984375 5 weapon rolls: Discord image
Analytic solution, pity: 1.8125 5 weapon rolls: Discord image
Monte-carlo verification: Pastebin
Expected 5 weapon rolls to desired 5 using epi path without pity at start: 1.984375
Expected 5 weapon rolls to desired 5 using epi path with pity at start: 1.8125
R5, epi path, no pity to start; expected num of weapons: 9.921875
R5, epi path, pity to start; expected num of weapons: 9.75
R1, no epi path, no pity: 2.5
R1, no epi path, pity: 2.25
R5, no epi path, no pity: 12.5
R5, no epi path, pity: 12.25
Number of Wishes on Weapon Banner to Fully Level a 5 Star Weapon
How many wishes on the weapon banner does it take to fully level a 5-Star weapon to Level 90?
Weapon Fodder EXP
Weapon Banner Wish Counts and Rates
Using data from Genshin Wishes to get the 3 star, 4-Star, and 5-Star weapon rates, we can calculate that the average weapon EXP per wish is 10,597.30.
5-Star weapons need 9,064,450 total EXP to get to level 90, so the average number of wishes needed is 855.35.
Average number of wishes needed on weapon banner to level a 5-Star weapon to 90 is 855 wishes.
Statistical model for Genshin Impact's droprates.
Source: Cgg and Genshin Wishes (posted with permission)
The soft-pity system starts at pull 74 (5 char), pull 63 (5 weapon) and at pull 9 (4). At soft-pity, the drop rate increases with (the base rate 10) every pull
For more details/graphs/data, see their HoYoLAB post
Better understanding of how the soft-pity system works.
Gacha rate calculator
Evidence: Based on this statistical model, I've made a rate calculator for a specific rate-up 5 char/weapon and 4 char.
Some percentile/pulls needed:
Small note with these calculations: to keep the amount of calculations/paths to explore down in the 4 char calcs, there's assumed to be no 5's to eat up/delay guaranteed 4 char. This will make the required 4 count slightly lower than needed. I've assumed that the difference is negligible.
Better budgeting/planning if users want to be X% sure to get char Y at CZ. Especially more useful for budgeting of higher constellations as averaging of low/high pity pulls. A calculator has the advantage that people can enter their current situation (pity/guaranteed).
Frames - Google Docs. YouTube - @kolibri..
Gauges and ICD -
Burst: 1U, Skill Plunge: 1U - YouTube - @puffin.9920
Gaming's Skill Plunge does not appear to have any observable ICD - YouTube - @soulfish
Gaming generates 2 particles any time Charmed Cloudstrider hits at least 1 enemy, with a cooldown of ~3 seconds - YouTube - @soulfish
Gaming's Skill Plunge can trigger Shatter - YouTube - @asakitmk
Gaming's Burst cannot trigger Shatter - YouTube - @asakitmk
Gaming's Skill triggers NPC applause - YouTube - @soulfish, @irokei
Guard of the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency, and the head of the "Mighty Mythical Beasts" Wushou troupe.
Gaming Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Gaming's Charmed Cloudstrider can trigger Shatter
Gaming's Skill triggers NPC applause
Gaming's Burst cannot trigger Shatter
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Blooms Innate Travel Time for Amos Bow
Bloom has an innate travel time of 0.3s with Amos bow. Currently no record of Amos bows passive dropping below 3 stacks for FFB.
With Ganyus C1, the 15% Cryo RES Shred is applied to the FFB of the first shot so long as FFA hits.
Tested with Ganyu, no artifact, R1 Amos, c6 and level 8 talent. consistent 889 DMG with 2090 Bloom in the first video. After the initial charged shot, the resulting Bloom DMG did not change at close range meaning that the Cryo shred was applied to the first Bloom. by running maths, we found out that the Bloom has 0.3 travel time. (204.8% x 1.12 x 0.9)/(348.16% x (1.12 + 0.24) x 1.025) = 889/2090.
Video 1; Video 2
Ganyu synergises well with Amos Bow. C1 is slightly better due to the finding.
Viridescent Hunts Passive Can Activate off of Bloom
Regardless of whether both the initial and the Bloom of Ganyus Charged Attack hit the enemy, Viridescent Hunts passive has been found to be activatable by both instances. Additionally, because both the arrow and the Charged Attack can trigger Viridescent Hunts passive, the 50% chance of activation is rolled twice if both the arrow and the Bloom hit the enemy.
User tested for Viridescent Hunt triggers by purposefully missing the initial shot during testing in order to only hit the enemies with the Bloom, and sure enough despite the initial arrow completely missing, Ganyus Bloom still triggered Viridescent Hunts passive
Viridescent hunt passive Bloom test
Due to the fact that Viridescent Hunt can trigger on both the Bloom or the arrow this means that on average Viridescent Hunts passive has a 75% chance at triggering with refinement 1 when users hit a target with both the Bloom and the arrow, meaning that Viridescent Hunt is theoretically more consistent on Ganyu than other characters.
Specific Distances Required for Each Stack of Amos Buff
The distance required in order to get an individual stack of the Amos passive buff of 8% DMG bonus per 0.1 seconds of travel time is approximately 5 in game meters per stack with the first stack applying at a distance of 3 in game meters. For reference, to get maximum stacks with the Amos bow, the distance is approximately half of Ganyus Elemental Burst in length.
User Shinku used the training dummy daily commission along with a world quest as a marker for distance, (starting at 544m away from said marker at point blank range), and subsequently tested the distance required for each stack by measuring his total distance away from the marker, and then tracking how many meters he had to travel before the next stack of Amos procd. He in turn found the following values.
video Amos bow stack range test
544m is our 0, 1769 is our damage without stacks.
547m damage changes to 1896, first stack (3m)
552m damage changes to 2022, second stack (8m)
557m damage changes to 2149, third stack (13m)
562m damage changes to 2275, fourth stack (18m)
567m damage changes to 2409, fifth stack (23m)
580 damage falloff gives 2161 (36m)
These distance calculations will allow for players to have a better understanding of how much distance is required to get maximum stacks of Amos Bows passive, instead of having to just guess how far they need to be from their target.
Charged Attack Mechanics
Bloom Damage Scales with Charged Attack DMG Bonus
The Bloom damage from Ganyus Frostflake Arrow is considered to be a Charged Attack along with the initial arrow itself, meaning that both the Bloom and the arrow are affected by Charged Attack multipliers such as the ones received from 4-Piece Wanderers Troupe, Bolide, and Heart of Depth.
User Poyo tested Ganyus Frostflake Arrow with the 4-Piece Wanderers Troupe set, then swapped out a piece of the set with similar sub stats to test if there would be a significant damage difference in Bloom damage between having the 35% charge ATK Bonus, and not. The following findings show that there is indeed a significant damage difference when equipping the 4-Piece Wanderers Troupe set, implying that the Bloom is considered a Charged Attack, and is in turn affected by Charged Attack multipliers.
Wanderer Troupe Bloom damage test
This finding means that set bonuses that improve Charged Attacks such as Wanderers Troupe, Bolide, and Heart of Depth, will have a significant boost to Ganyus Bloom damage, implying that Ganyu will have significantly more potential options for viable sets then we initially thought.
Ganyu Cannot Perform the ARCC Tech That All Other Bow Users Can Perform With Her Frostflake Arrow (with the exception of C6)
Ganyu is unable to perform the ARCC tech with her Frostflake Arrow meaning that she cannot benefit from the frame advantages that a majority of the bow users gain when using their respective charged shots.
User SavageCabbage tested out trying to perform the ARCC tech with Ganyus Frostflake Arrow, which resulted in the arrow reverting back to a non-Elemental aimed shot, meaning that it is not possible to perform the ARCC tech with Ganyus charged shot.
ARCC tech test
With this knowledge we now know that there is no potential frame advantage from attempting to perform the ARCC tech with Ganyus charged attack, meaning that there is significantly less room for improvement for individual players in terms of animation cancels that they would need to learn.
Frostflake Bloom Hitbox Range
Damage from FFB is applied in a cylinder relative to the impact point of the FFA. Regardless of vertical distance from the impact point of the FFA the damage is applied to all units inside the AoE on the same frame. Relative to the animation, the AoE cylinder extends further down than the animation suggests and also slightly above the apex of the FFB animation.
Same frame damage regardless of vertical, same frame can be deduced from the opaqueness and size of the damage numbers: Image 1;
Upper limit of AoE and its radius shown by upper hilichurl: Image 2;
Upper limit of AoE and its radius shown by upper hilichurl: Image 3;
Lower Limit of AoE shown by bottom hilichurl: Image 4;
FFB Radius shown by hilichurl behind the 5: Image 5.
Plots out the AoE of the FFB and show that the FFB damage is being applied to all mobs in the AoE at the same frame.
Charged Shot Arrow Deviation When Aiming Near Objects
Theory: Charged Shot originates at the bow and targets the frontmost object in the reticle line of sight.
Subtheory: Collision detection hitboxes are wonky for some objects seen in the video (e.g. thorns).
First clip supports the fact that the charge shot originates at the bow.
Second and third clip support the fact that the charge shot is aimed toward some object in the reticle line of sight.
Fourth clip makes the distinction that the charge shot is aimed toward the frontmost object.
Bow Character Charge Shot Aim Deviation
Given that if the theory is correct, then the subtheory is supported by the fact that in clips 2-4 the charge shot is targeting something in front of the "first" object in the reticle line of sight. This seems to imply that the "aim shot" hitbox is different from the actual hitbox for collision detection.
Some objects provide strange interactions when aiming charge shots. As the bow character is to the left of the reticle, the released charge shot will be:
to the left of the reticle when the arrow is in front of the target;
to the right of the reticle when the arrow is behind the target.
For moving targets, as they move toward you, the target is closer to the character than where the target was originally. In this case, the arrow will be to the left of the target, and potentially miss. It's better to aim toward the right edge of the target. Arrow deviation will be increased the closer the target is.
Special thanks to for founding this theory and discussing its significance.
Airspeed Velocity Of An Unladen Frostflake Arrow
Ganyu's Fully Charged Frostflake Arrow has an Airspeed Velocity of approximately 55 m/s.
8 Abyss Tiles: YouTube
2 Abyss Tiles: YouTube
4 Abyss Tiles: YouTube
6 Abyss Tiles: YouTube
Calculations: Google Sheets
C0 Ganyu: 2 Simultaneous Ice Lotuses
Two Ice Lotuses can exist simultaneously on C0 Ganyu.
It is possible to spawn multiple Ice Lotuses without C2 Ganyu.
Ganyu Elemental Skill has no ICD
Ganyu E does not have ICD.
YouTube - Ganyu equipped with Sacrificial Bow. Applied 2U of Pyro to the Fatui Agent using Bennett's Skill. Used Ganyu Skill twice using Sac Bow passive, both hits melted. First damage instance appears at frame 455, second at frame 530 => 1.25 seconds between damage, which is less than the standard 2.5 seconds.
Provides evidence for "ICD: None" on TCL for Ganyu's Skill.
Ganyus Trail of Qilin can taunt every enemy in the game that is not considered a boss monster
Against just about every single normal enemy in the game, Ganyus Trail of Qilin (E) has been shown to properly taunt the various enemies. The enemies that were included in testing are: Abyss mage, Slime, Boar King, Cryo Cicin Mage, Electro Cicin Mage, Geovishap Hatchling, Ruin Guard, Ruin Hunter, Hili/Samachurl, Lawachurl, Mitachurl, Pyro Agent, Electro/Hydro Skirmishers, Pyro Skirmisher and (Cryo) Whopperflower.
User Tiago thoroughly tested Ganyus Trail of Qilin by going to each individual enemy in the game (except for eye of the storm and bosses) and activating Ganyus E ability to see if the taunt would work against said enemy. The result showed that against every single enemy that was tested against, Ganyus Trail of Qilin was able to taunt the enemy as intended.
Ganyu taunt test
As Ganyus Trail of Qilin is capable of properly taunting just about every single enemy in the game it will prove to be a highly valuable asset in crowd control for Ganyu players, especially in Melt comps due to it attracting enemies near Xianglings Guoba, along with being a major asset for abyss 11-2.
Ganyu Construct Height Placement Shenanigans
Ganyu's Ice Lotus placement seems to have a specific height difference past which it will be placed mid-air.
Knowing more about construct spawn conditions at different heights.
Icicle drop frequency of Ganyus Q
Ganyus Q creates 50 icicles in 15 seconds, or 1 every 0.3 seconds.
Shard hit the ground in a 18 frame interval (at 60 FPS) or 9 frames in 30 FPS.
Icicle drop counting
Knowing the number of icicles during Ganyus Q will help with other findings like Icicle ICD.
Icicle Internal Cooldown in Ganyus Burst
Ganyus Q, Celestial Shower, drops an icicle on a random enemy that has not been targeted by an icicle in the last 4 icicle drops. The icicles drop randomly among "legal" targets, which are defined as enemies that have not been targeted by the last 4 icicle drops. If there are no legal targets, they will drop on the ground, where the AoE can still strike a target.
User walked into F12 and up to the Hypostasis, used Ganyus Q, and counted the frames it took for an icicle to spawn above an enemy:
Ganyu's Q against an isolated enemy in a group
In the video, the icicle spawns at frames: 603, 710, and 818.
107/60 = 1.783s
108/60 = 1.8s
It was tested against the Hypostasis, and it took again 108 frames exactly for an icicle to spawn above it; however, these results were later disproved by other clips and testing where an ICD was seemingly 1.5s.
Thus, a series of experiments were conducted on groups of 1, 5, 6, and 7 enemies within Ganyu ultimate. At around 10 seconds, a hilichurl breaks out from the pack and 4 icicles are dropped randomly amongst the 6 other targets, but he is struck again by the 5th icicle:
Ganyu's Q against several enemies
Difficult to count the icicles initially, but 4 icicles are dropped on the ground before one strikes the Fatui:
Ganyu's Q against 1 enemy
Ganyu's Q is really bad against single-target enemies for Cryo application. Her Cryo application really shines when you can abuse the fact that the icicles have separate Cryo applications on enemies that are grouped.
Ganyus Ascension 4 and Constellation 4 Effects Carry Over on Consecutive Casts of Ganyus Elemental Burst
On subsequent casts of Ganyus Celestial Shower, if done in quick succession (immediately after the cooldown generally), Ganyus ascension 4 will actually trigger for the Elemental Burst unlike in the initial cast, and furthermore; Ganyus constellation 4 debuff will carry over to any enemy that is currently in the Elemental Bursts aura.
Users SavageCabbage and Tiago did some testing of Ganyus Elemental Burst by casting the Burst in succession against a Cryo Regisvine, and a group of slimes respectively in order to test for both C4 and non C4 interactions. The result of which showed that after initial casting, both ascension 4 and constellation 4 were able to carry over providing additional damage for Ganyu.
Video 1; Video 2; Video 3
This finding implies that Ganyus overall Elemental Burst damage spikes significantly if done off-cooldown due to A4 being able to go into effect if the Elemental Burst is cast in quick succession. This in turn greatly improves the value of constellation 1, minorly improves the value of constellation 4, and makes Ganyus ascension 4 talent even better than it already is.
A1: Undivided Heart
Ganyus A1 Passive Does Not Apply to the Initial Bloom
Ganyus A1 Passive does not apply to itself. Meaning the Bloom from the first Frostflake Arrow arrow shown within 5 seconds will not have an increased CRIT Rate
Tests were run by user SavageCabbage with Ganyu at 80% CRIT Rate on their artifacts. Due to this, if Ganyus A1 Passive applies to itself they would never experience a non-critical Bloom during testing, which was not the case.
Ascension 1 passive test
This knowledge allows for a clearer understanding of her talents, and implies that for shorter fights Ganyu will be marginally weaker at the start of the fight due to her first shot not having the A1 Passive.
Ganyus A1 Passive Persists After Swap
Ganyus A1 Passive persists after swapping characters, meaning that it is possible to maintain the 20% CRIT Rate from A1 while swapping to supports to activate their abilities and Elemental Bursts as long as the swap time is within the 5 second period. (Note: the CRIT Rate increase does not apply to others).
Additionally, Buffs applied to the character after an arrow has been released are not added to the fired arrow. The arrow's damage is snapshot from the state of the character when released.
With these two things in mind, as long as the FrostFlakeArrow is fired within 5 seconds of the previous arrow regardless of what you do during this timeframe the 20% additional CRIT buff is maintained.
The activation of the A1 Passive is visible after Ganyu shoots a Frostflake Arrow (as can be seen from the yellow visual effect around Ganyu) and the effect persists after swap:
A1 Passive swap test
After shooting an arrow, moving inside/outside Bennetts Burst does not change the damage dealt by arrows previously released, therefore arrows do not dynamically update buffs, they keep the same state after being fired:
Arrow snapshot test
This proves that it is possible to use other characters Elemental Bursts and/or Skills while maintaining Ganyus 20% CRIT Rate buff which both improves her viability by making her significantly less of a selfish carry, and allows for potential usage (although overall probably not optimal) in swap comps with Ganyu.
A4: Harmony Between Heaven and Earth
Ganyus Ascension 4 Passive Will Not Apply to the First Elemental Burst Cast
Ganyus Elemental Burst will not apply the 20% bonus Cryo damage from its initial cast to itself, regardless of if the user stands inside or outside of the Elemental Burst post casting, implying that Ganyus Elemental Burst is snapcast in nature.
User SavageCabbage tested out using Ganyus Elemental Burst on a group of enemies and recorded the damage values he received. After this, he took said recorded values and inputted them into the damage formula to determine if the values he observed matched the values he would theoretically be receiving with the 20% damage buff.
Video A4 test on Elemental Burst
These findings are important for Ganyu players to know as their Elemental Bursts will deal less damage then they might assume on paper due to the common misconception that Ganyus ultimate is not snapcast in nature. Along with this due to the fact that the 20% bonus Cryo damage will apply if you Burst off of cooldown further incentivises players to do so.
Ganyu Elemental Burst and Charge Shots Snapshot
Both Ganyus Frostflake Arrow (on release) as well as Ganyus Elemental Burst (on initial cast) are snapshot in nature, meaning that any buffs or effects applied to the character will only affect them if they are on Ganyu during the initial release, and cast respectively
User Neptunya tested Ganyus Elemental Burst by casting it along with a Bennett ult, varying between being inside the Bennett ult during cast, walking into the Bennett ult after cast, and not being in the Bennett ult whatsoever in order to determine if Ganyus Elemental Burst was snapshot in nature, which she found to be true. Similarly, user Nello tested Ganyus charge shot by shooting a hilichurl at extreme distances in order to give them enough time to walk in and outside of a Bennett ult mid shot. Through this they similarly discovered that Ganyus Frost Flake arrow is also snapshot in nature.
Ganyu charge shot snapshotting
Ganyu Burst alone
Ganyu Burst outside of Bennett buff
Ganyu Burst inside of Bennett buff
By the fact that both Ganyus CA and Elemental Burst are snapshot in nature, we now have a better understanding of how Bennets Elemental Burst interacts with Ganyus abilities, which in particular is very important to know for Melt comp, and even to an extent can be decently important for a Ganyu Freeze comp if they decide to run Bennett for the extra damage.
Ganyu Burst does not Overlap
Finding: Ganyu's ultimate cannot be duplicated or have 2 on the field at the same time
Slap on massive CDR via Chong's C2, Anemo Resonance, and a -20% CDR abyss card
Ult repeatedly off cooldown
Test whether casting inside her ultimate allows it to coexist
Test whether casting outside of her ultimate field, but have the 2nd one overlap the ultimate, allows it to coexist
Test whether casting completely outside her ultimate field allows it to coexist
In a scenario where Ganyu has lots of cooldown reduction to the point where you can cast her Burst before it ends, it is advised to wait until it has ended to cast her Burst again.
Ganyu Burst Frequency
Ganyu's rng ult icycles are more likely to hit a target(beyond the base 10) if they are larger in size (who'd have thought :keqewide: ) up to all 50 for enemies large enough such as Azhdaha
Azhdaha 50 hits: Video
Hilichurl 13/11/16/11/16/14 hits: Video
Humanoid 11/12/10/13/10 hits: Video
Fat Fatui 14/12/12/11/15/14 hits: Video
Geo Vishap 20/19/23/25/22/18 hits: Video
Primo Vishap 25/24/23/24/19/26/22/23/21 hits: Video
Geo Lawachurl 14(ran outside)/17/18/16/17 hits: Video
Mitachurl 12(ran outside)/18/17/14/15/19 hits: Video
Ruin guard 18/19/21/21/23/28 hits: Video
Ganyu's ult is better than expected
Constellation 1s Cryo Resistance Shred Will Apply to the First Shots Bloom
When shooting your first Frostflake Arrow at an enemy if you hit the enemy directly with the arrow, the initial Bloom of the shot will get the bonus 15% Cryo resistance shred
User Karzak tested this interaction by intentionally missing the first arrow and only hitting the enemy with a Bloom, and compared that damage to when they shot the enemy with both the arrow and the Bloom, finding that the Bloom's damage increased slightly when the enemy was hit with the initial arrow first. ALong with this, they also noticed that the debuff arrows that surround the enemy started appearing after the initial hit, rather than from the Bloom hit.
The 15% Cryo resistance shredding from Ganyus constellation 1 is slightly better during short encounters as the enemy will get the resistance shred applied to the first Bloom.
Ganyus Constellation 1 Generates Energy Without Dealing Damage
Ganyu can regenerate Energy through her C1 passive ability even when shooting immune enemies.
Slimes are immune to Cryo and therefore take no damage. Despite taking no damage, it can be seen in the video below that C1s passive is functioning:
It can be useful to know that even in the event of immunity or resistance you can still generate Energy from a FFA/B.
C6: The Clement
ARCC Shot Tech is Doable Only With Ganyus Constellation 6
You can perform an ARCC shot with Ganyu only if you have Ganyus constellation 6 and have an instant charged shot primed.
ARCC shot test with C6
Allows for quick execution of charged shot -> e -> charged shot -> e -> charged shot combo.
Ganyus E Can Trigger Small Pressure Plates
Ganyus Trail of Qilin is classified as a construct similar to Ambers bunny, and all of the Geo characters constructs. As such, her Trail of Qilin can function as a trigger for smaller pressure plates which can help in exploration
User Taigo tested by placing Ganyus Trail of Qilin on a large pressure plate where it was shown to be able to trigger half of the plate, implying that the constructs weight is equal to that of Ambers bunny and can trigger either a small pressure plate, or half of a large one.
Ganyu E pressure plate test
With this in mind, Ganyu is potentially a better character to use for exploration as she can fill the niche of a pressure plate activator, especially if the player has access to constellation 2 giving them a second charge of Trail of Qilin.
Ganyus Bloom from Frostflake Arrow is Considered a Projectile and Can Headshot
The Frostflake arrows Bloom although at first glance would appear to be a separate ability unable to headshot or trigger weak points, after further investigation proved that in certain scenarios it is actually possible to trigger weak points with the Bloom, in turn activating Prototype Crescents buff.
User SavageCabbage noticed that they at one point accidentally managed to trigger the prototype crescents boost without hitting the enemy with their initial arrow. After discussing this finding with user Karzak, after further testing they discovered that the Bloom indeed was considered a projectile, and had the capability (although very unrealistic in practice) to headshot.
Ganyu Bloom weak point hit
In practice when using the Prototype Crescent it is very possible to accidentally get a passive proc from the bow.
Ganyu can provide an ice bridge via her charged shots
Ganyus Frostflake arrow when shot on water applies the ice effect for long enough to allow for a 2nd charge shot to be used, in turn allowing for Ganyu to make an icebridge.
User ColaSen tested shooting Frostflake Arrow arrows repeatedly to try and travel across water and found that there was just enough time to be able to build a constant bridge if you are fast enough with your Frostflake arrows.
Ice bridge building
Ganyu is a decent character when attempting to travel across water as her Frostflake Arrows has no cooldown unlike abilities which will theoretically allow for faster overall travel across water.
Unlimited Ganyu Works
The culmination of all Ganyu macro-related testing and iteration since release. Now compiled into one mostly comprehensible document.
Unlimited Ganyu Works: The Movie
Finding: Most optimal/reliable timings for Ganyu rotations tested and verified via macro.
Example tech macros for C6 E FFA Instacast, Quickshot and Aimcast variants.
Example tech for standalone Quickshot.
Mostly so close in timings that there's not a huge difference for normal players to use one over the other, preference should be given to whatever's most reliable/comfortable.
QoL and DPS increase to fluidly execute all as one motion.
Sacrificial Passive With Multiple E Stacks (Ganyu C2)
When C1 Sucrose has both stacks of E down, a sacrificial fragments proc will reset the cooldown showed by the timer on E.
Streamable Video lost to the sands of time
I cast one Sucrose E, waited until the first cooldown was down to 5s, and cast the second E. A reset occurred, and the time of the second cooldown was ~15s (minus 10% due to Anemo resonance in video). So, whatever timer is currently showing is the one which will be reset.
Unlike Sacrificial-type-weapon users with single-cast Skills, any serial-cooldown, multi-cast Skill user may waste cooldown resets by causing a reset when their first cooldown is near 0s. Since the timer on stacked Skills begins with the first Skill cast out of the stack, and that Skill is the one which is reset (not the longer, still waiting cooldowns), resets can be completely wasted on characters with multiple stacks. For example, with Sucrose it is possible to reset a Skill with 0.1s of cooldown remaining, then have a stack of 15s go onto cooldown afterward. To get the most out of the cooldown benefit of sacrificial weapons, characters with multiple stacks might consider using stacks as quickly as possible.
The secretary at Yuehai Pavilion. The blood of the qilin, an illuminated beast, flows within her veins.
Short Ganyu Guide
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Frostflake Bloom is considered a Charged Attack.
Both Frostflake Arrow and Frostflake Bloom will apply 1U Cryo.
Frostflake Bloom will damage enemies within a cylinder regardless of distance from the Frostflake Arrow on the same frame.
Ganyu's Charged Attacks snapshot on release, including the Bloom.
Ganyu cannot perform the "ARCC" aimed shot animation cancel without Constellation 6.
Fully Charged Frostflake Arrows have an Airspeed Velocity of approximately 55 m/s.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
The taunt applies to all enemies in the game that are not considered bosses.
Ice Lotus will generate Particles on cast and when it expires or is destroyed.
Multiple Ice Lotuses can be spawned without C2 Ganyu when using cooldown reduction effects.
Ice Lotus will be placed mid-air when Ganyu is standing on a high platform.
Celestial Shower drops Ice Shards every 0.3 seconds.
The Sacred Cryo Pearl will drop a shard on a random enemy within the field that has not been targeted by a shard in the last 4 Ice Shards.
If there are no enemies that have not been targeted by the last 4 shards, they will randomly drop within the field where the shard AoE can still strike a target.
Ganyu's icicles follow standard ICD (3-hit/2.5s).
Ganyu's icicles are more likely to hit targets that are larger in size.
If Celestial Shower is cast before the previous one ends through the use of cooldown reduction, the existing field will end prematurely.
Ganyu's Burst has 141 idle i-frames (2.4s).
Undivided Heart will not apply to the first Frostflake Bloom, but will apply on consecutive shots.
Celestial Shower's Cryo DMG bonus can apply to itself if Ganyu casts subsequent Bursts off cooldown within the radius of the prior Burst. This buff can be snapshotted.
Dew-Drinker's Cryo RES down will apply to the Bloom if the enemy is hit by the Frostflake Arrow.
The RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
The debuff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
A young vishap with a hard Geo exoskeleton..
Vishaps are exceptionally agile creatures that one would be wise not to underestimate in battle. Experts from Sumeru Akademiya believe that they become dragons when fully grown. By avoiding predators and natural disasters, perhaps they can even live long enough to become formidable beasts that reign over entire mountains.
Approaches the player and performs a cross slash with its claws.
Leaps into the air, curls up and starts spinning upon landing, coming into contact with a spinning Hatchling will result in taking continuous damage.
Curls up into a ball and starts rolling around at high speeds, dealing damage to the player on contact. The Hatchling does not target the player and instead rolls around randomly and only changes directions when bumping into something. If the Hatchling crashes into a player that is protected by a shield, it'll get knocked out of its rolling state and become stunned for a few seconds.
The Geovishap Hatchling burrows into the ground and pops up a fair distance away. When digging itself into the ground, the Hatchling digs up 2 Geo Crystallize Shards (the only way to get them), which will potentially protect the player from the Hatchling's attacks if picked up.
A mature Geovishap..
It is said that after many years have passed, Geovishap Hatchlings will shed the armor that originally protected them and become Geovishaps. However, these two and the older, greater Primo Geovishaps have spent many years hibernating under the mountains, and have only emerged and become active in recent times. As such, none can personally attest to having witnessed or recorded such a thing in person.
All geovishaps have +20% (30% total) resistance to the Element they infuse with upon transformation.
After losing enough health or enough time has passed, the geovishap will infuse itself with a pre-determined Element. Depending on the Element, its attacks will be empowered.
Curls up into a ball and charges towards your location. Subsequently, after charging, it will sometimes perform a single jump attack.
Performs two jump attacks, jumping in the air and landing on your location in a small AoE. After this attack, it will temporarily be stunned on its back for a couple seconds.
Cryo: After landing, several spots will appear on the ground near the Geovishap that will deal Cryo damage after a few seconds.
Pyro: Deals AoE Pyro damage after landing.
Electro: After landing, it sends out several Electro orbs that fly around for a few seconds before dissipating, coming into contact with these orbs will deal Electro damage.
Hydro: Deals AoE Hydro damage after landing.
Approaches the player and performs a slash with its right hand claws then punch its left hand into the ground.
Cryo: The slash deals Physical damage and the punch deals Cryo damage.
Pyro: Both the slash and punch are infused with Pyro.
Electro: The slash deals Physical damage and the punch will send out several Electro orbs, similar to the jump attack.
Hydro: The slash deals Physical damage and the punch deals Hydro damage
Slams its right hand onto the ground sending out a line of small spikes coming out of the ground towards player location, then its left hand sending out another line of spikes, and finally, with both hands sending out two lines at once.
Cryo: The spikes deal Physical damage. A ring of spots appears around the Geovishap that will deal Cryo damage after a few seconds.
Pyro: The spikes deal Pyro damage.
Electro: The spikes deal Physical damage. After the attack, several Electro orbs will be sent out.
Hydro: The slashes deal Hydro damage.
The Hydro variant will periodically and visibly mark the player. The mark will follow the player for several seconds before becoming stationary, giving the player the opportunity to avoid the attack, and then dealing some Hydro damage.
While in a wind current (such as Venti hold Skill), you can jump, glide, and land instantly.
This is done by jumping, then pressing jump again exactly 4 frames later at 60 FPS, or 2 frames later at 30 FPS (not sure but I tried counting how many frames the jump took).
Has worked with every character I've tried so far, but there may be examples where this doesn't work.
Can be known as glide cancel, wave dash, or wavedash.
I found this technique through this video: Bilibili Video
In the few english comments I could find about this, people often said you had to do it by canceling CA, or canceling the glide with N1, or it's just a keqing tech.
In reality, I think this can be done at any point with anyone as long as you can jump (while on flat ground).
Somewhat doable at 30fps, insanely difficult at 60fps (though not humanly impossible!).
Standing glide cancel: Imgur
60fps glide cancel: Imgur
glide canceling various animations: Imgur
Example raiden Burst combo with glide cancel: Imgur
More examples: Imgur
Amber examples as an amber main: Imgur
Could be used in teams with Venti to do extremely fast cancels without using stamina. Possibly consistent at 30 FPS, but usability at 60fps is very questionable.
Geo Constructs Wavedashing
With certain attacks, notably ones that move the character forwards or backwards, it's possible to instant glide cancel/wavedash off of edges, such as buildings and Geo Constructss (Geo MC, Albedo, and Zhongli Skill).
There are two ways to do this, the method used depends on the attack and the construct used.
After attack, hold the direction toward the construct, and press jump twice very quickly (like a normal wavedash).
Examples: Xiangling CA with Zhongli pillar, Keqing CA with Albedo flower
After attack, press jump with no movement, then hold the direction toward the construct and press jump again while holding direction.
Examples: Xiangling CA with Albedo flower, Keqing N1 on building edge.
No attack wavedash: Imgur
Geo MC boulder wavedash, typically requires standing on the slope of the boulder: Imgur
Zhongli pillar wavedash: Imgur
Albedo flower wavedash: Imgur
building wavedash: Imgur
Method 2 wavedash: Imgur
Requires precise positioning, only a limited number of attacks gain any frame advantage, and requires climbing and standing on a Geo Constructs, which greatly limits what enemies this can even work on. Nonetheless, it's a Venti-less way to wavedash (though a bit slower), and could potentially find niche uses for certain content.
Also called Wave Dashing.
While in a wind current (either Overword's natural current, or Venti holding Elemental Skill), you can jump, glide, and land instantly.
This is done by jumping, then pressing jump again exactly 4 frames later at 60 FPS, or 2 frames later at 30 FPS.
With certain attacks, notably ones that move the character forwards or backwards, it's possible to instant glide cancel/wavedash off of edges, such as buildings and Geo Constructs (Geo Traveler, Albedo, and Zhongli Skill).
A twisted beast from another world. This creature is the ruler of the Riftwolves, and wields the power to command them to dissolve space itself.
Hailing from a dark world, this ruler of the black wolves has the power to call upon its followers, its hidden claws, to dissolve space itself and forge a rift through which it may enter.
The Wolflord has no name, for it was but one of "Gold"'s unintentional creations, and that is precisely why it is obsessed with invading worlds that do not belong to it and making a name for itself.
That said, the wolf pack is far from unintelligent. After suffering a defeat in its previous invasion, a deserted island where no humans or protectors dwell has been selected for them to prepare for their lord's descent.
During Elemental Devourer, the Golden Wolflord gets -20% Geo RES, resulting in 5% final Geo RES.
Ramming attack: The initial action includes flying up, then do multiple spins: counter-clockwise to clockwise to counter-clockwise. It takes about 5 sec to finish the moveset (starting from the flying up). With enough tanking capabilities, you can combine the ~4 sec grounded during this moveset and the 6 sec stunned to deal more damage.
Tornado: It starts with twirling counter-clockwise at the center of arena, generating wind currents, before diving and creating the "Tornado". The overall moveset lasts for ~16 sec, after which the GW will be stunned. During the tornado attack, GW is still susceptible to damage. The tornado can also get stuck on Geo Constructs.
Sweep: Initiated by raising its head, then sweeping/lashing clockwise using its tail with a relatively big AoE. The overall moveset lasts for ~4 sec, but is only grounded for ~2 sec.
Laser Beam: Starts with raising of its head a bit, its mouth glowing, before initiating the actual Laser Beam. The beam slowly rakes from an angle, until it reaches ~90 degrees, lasting for 4 sec. The beam deals continuous damage, applying corrosion at a fast rate. The overall moveset lasts for 10 sec, while also being grounded for the whole duration.
Skull Strike: The attack is initiated by raising its whole body above ground, then start spewing the "skulls" from its mouth, 1 skull every second. For the first two skulls, it seems the tracking starts before they were actually released, they also travel in an arc to attempt to hit the player at an angle. The third skull seems to travel overhead, also has better tracking. The skulls maybe blocked by constructs. The overall moveset lasts for 6 sec above ground.
Earthshaking Dive: Initiated by going into the center, and flying up, then telegraphing a big AoE covering almost the whole arena before diving below ground. The impact from diving deals damage, while the whole sequence lasts for 6 sec. After 1 sec, several AoEs are telegraphed across the room, then explodes after 2 sec, accompanied by the resurfacing of GW at the center that also deals damage. The overall moveset last for 10 sec. This moveset will be used for the first time during the Rifthound Skulls (Shielded Phase) and occasionally afterwards.
Elemental Devourer: Upon starting the shielded phase, the Golden Wolflord empowers itself increasing its ATK by 30%, but decreasing its Geo RES in the process.
The stuns after the ramming attack and the tornado last 6s.
The stuns after the skulls are broken lasts 24s.
While the Golden Wolflord is flying, standing on a Geo Construct can help melee characters hit it. Deployables such as Oz, Ushi, and Yae Miko's totems can as well.
New frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data
NA - YouTube
CA (Physical) - YouTube
CA (Elemental) - YouTube
Skill - YouTube
Elemental Skill: 1GU - Cryo aura 8.25s. Kaeya E applies 1.6B Cryo; Gorou E removes 0.5 GU, leaving 1.1B Cryo 1.1B Cryo lasts 8.25s (edited)
Elemental Burst: Initial Hit 1GU, Crystal Collapse 1GU
CA: Gorou fully-charged CA has no ICD/the ICD is shorter than fastest possible CA shots
Skill: 1s. - EE less than 1s apart / EE more than 1s apart
Burst: 1. initial hit and crystal collapse have separate ICD. Crystal Collapse follows normal ICD (2.5s)
Elemental Skill: Gorou produces 2 Geo Particles on Elemental Skill cast. (I hope 7 tests is enough, ping pong me if it isn't and/or you get something other than 2 Particles.
Unlike most characters, Gorou does not keep one eye closed after ARCC.
Gorou can do the following aim tech
Instant RR (enter and exit aim mode in 1 frame): YouTube
Hold M1 Double CA: YouTube
Unlike most characters, Gorou does not keep one eye closed after ARCC (Yoimiya also does not).
Gorou Instant N1
Gorou N1 will come out even if canceled early. Cancels include jump, dash, skill, and most notably, aim mode. This allows controller players to abuse Gorou N1RR to high speeds, without requiring frame perfect inputs, as is the case with ARCC. To do this, press and release Attack, then enter and exit Aim mode. Repeat. Make sure you have released attack before pressing Aim.
Unlike ARCC, these shots are Normal Attacks. In ARCC, the character shoots Charged Attacks.
An early video dating back to Dec 2021 that I found from SaltyPotato: YouTube
Other sources include this video from SystksjSonic: Twitter
This tech is superior to ARCC in almost every way, as it doesn't require frame perfect inputs, can be done very fast without macros, and will also trigger abilities such as Fischl C6 and Yelan Burst. This tech makes Gorou potentially the strongest Physical bow character. The downside is that it only works on Gorou.
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Gorou himself count for E buff condition.
Gorou E and Q initial hit don't get the benefit of its own buff
Gorou's E is unaffected by gravity. - Aevean
Gorou's zone has a delay before applying the buff (like Bennett's Q), the character receives the buff when the paw appears above their head
Gorou's Crystal Collapse damage from his Elemental Burst doesn't snapshot.
Gorou E and Q initial hit don't get the benefit of its own buff
Q initial hit (and A4 on initial hit) benefits from A1, but not Q buff, while Q collapse (and A4 on collapse) can benefit from A1 and Q buff. (Stats)
Gorou's Q buff lingers for 2 extra seconds.
Gorou Buff Activation And Tickrate
Through a mix of in-game testing and datamine info, Gorou's timing for his buffs when using Q are as follows:
Gorou's A1/C6 activate on hitmark (frame 30).
Gorou's field tickrate applies every 0.3s (17-18f) thereafter.
Recordings were tested with macros to get consistent frame counts. Timing was done using the start of Gorou's animation as frame 1 to eliminate input delay discrepancies. Timing stopped on the frame the game paused when going into the menu.
2 trials showing that frame 29 has no A1 and frame 30 does. Small sample size, but aligns with recordings/documentation I've done previously.
This lines up with the hitmark of Gorou's Q. C6 is assumed to activate here as well, since it reads similarly to the A1.
First application on Gorou on frame 48.
3 trials testing which frame the flat DEF is applied to Gorou. Frame 47 has only the A1 buff, while frame 48 has both parts.
Second application (on character swap)
4 trials of casting Q, then swapping immediately to another character to see when the Flat DEF is applied next. It seems consistent on frame 65/66, but the character needs to be on field for at least 1 frame before the buff is applied (may need to test using a different buffering method in a low ping environment).
After finding these frames and talking to kolibri, he said that the game data has the tickrate as 0.3s. This timing lines up well with the videos above, but shows that there is a small delay from when the Q hitmark is applied and when the field timer begins.
Image of a table of the trials I recorded for the session. Some of the swap testing was done at low ping.
Better understanding of Gorou's buff application to snapshot the full DEF bonus for characters that can snapshot it.
A1: Heedless of the Wind and Weather
Gorou's Heedless of the Wind and Weather (A1) only scales off of base defense stat. A1 will not scale off of additional defense values gained from artifacts and/or Skills.
C1: Rushing Hound: Swift as the Wind
Gorou's C1 CD eventually desyncs from his E CD, meaning you cannot proc it on every E cast.
Gorou's C1 can snapshot/Gorou's E and Q zone buff is delayed like Bennett's Q buff. To trigger C1 the character must deal Geo damage while in the field, for characters with off-field abilities it just means they need to enter the zone and use the ability before going off-field.
In the second half of the video Albedo/Zhongli's E were used before they received the buff, meaning they weren't considered to be in gorou's E at the time of casting.
C4: Lapping Hound: Warm as Water
Gorou's C4 does not snapshot.
C6: Valiant Hound: Mountainous Fealty
Gorou's C6 doesn't snapshot. (Stats)
The great general of Watatsumi Island's forces. He is deeply trusted by his subordinates.
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Fully Charged Charged Attack has no ICD.
N1 will come out even if canceled early. Cancels include jump, dash, skill, and most notably, aim mode.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Gorou counts as one of the Geo characters for General's War Banner's buff condition.
The initial hit of Inuzaka All-Round Defense does not benefit from its own buff.
There is a delay before applying the buff effects of General's War Banner.
The General's War Banner is not affected by gravity.
The initial hit of Juuga: Forward Unto Victory does not benefit from its own buff.
The initial hit of Juuga: Forward Unto Victory benefits from A1: Heedless of the Wind and Weather.
General's Glory has a tickrate of 0.3s (17-18f).
A1/C6 activate on hitmark (frame 30).
The DEF increase of Heedless of the Wind and Weather only scales off of the base defense stat.
The effect of Rushing Hound: Swift as the Wind can be snapshotted along with the buffs of General's War Banner.
The healing is dynamic and does not snapshot Gorou's DEF on cast.
The CRIT DMG increase does not snapshot.
Full Talent Values
Outgoing and Incoming Healing Bonuses are Additive
Outgoing and incoming healing bonuses are additive.
Video Barbara with 9419 health, level 7 Skill, 4-Piece maidens, and Hydro resonance. Assuming outgoing and incoming are additive, Barbara would heal for ((9419 0.06) + 664) (1 + 0.15 + 0.20 + 0.30) = 2028.081 which video confirms.
The two are additive.
Bond of Life mechanics
Bond Of Life Detailed Mechanics
All sources of BOL stack
Multiple casts of Elemental Skill stacks BOL. This has a passive cooldown of 15s, as specified in the weapon description.
Each hit of the Fatui Operatives Hunt Down attack applies a BOL. They stack with existing BOL.
Any passive effect conferred by the existence of BOL from any of sources that applied BOL will persist throughout the BOL. BOL is permanent if not cleared.
Bleed effect from Fatui Operatives Hunt Down doesn't get cleared until the BOL is cleared, even if it's the last to be applied.
Weapon effects conferred by the clearing of BOL considers all HP gained throughout the BOL until cleared, even if stacks are gained at different times.
Weapon effects conferred by clearing BOL from the Fontaine craftable series resets when a new BOL is cleared. The duration refreshes.
Weapon Buffs can be triggered anytime, on any BOL source, as long as it's cleared again
Fatui Operatives Hunt Down bleed effect does not stack with itself. It also applies a separate DOT from corrossion caused by rift enemies.
The DOT for 1 stack of BOL from Hunt Down is the same as 3 stacks of BOL.
The DOT from Hunt Down applies every second, and ticks separately from corrossion. Bleed from Hunt Down is cleared when BOL is cleared, but corrossion persists.
Like corrossion, Hunt Down bleed can not be mitigated, and will not kill inactive party members.
Each hit of the Fatui Operative Hunt Down attack will get buffed if there already is a BOL on the target when the hit occurs, even on intial hit.
1b: https://youtu.be/cj-4-xyQamo https://youtu.be/HariQo3Gufs
2c: Initial BOL from Operative clears to grant 2.9% Elemental DMG Bunus. Skill Cast add BOL, and clears soon to give gives additional 8% Elemental DMG Bonus from cast and 7.44% Elemental DMG bonus for 15507 HP on a R1 Flowing Purity, giving a total of 15.44% Elemental DMG Bonus https://youtu.be/IYs6NMjdYs
3a: 1 stack = 314/s . 3 stack = 314/s https://youtu.be/-1PmWEWHu4
no BOL present on initial hit: 2019 DMG https://youtu.be/gOFeTVKQ1sM
BOL present on initial hit: 5049 DMG. https://youtu.be/jR8Zcynls
Overhealing can clear bond
Finding: bond of life works on over healing
Evidence: Ayaka is at full health and Kokomi's healing was able to clear her bond of life and she gained the attack: https://youtu.be/sdh6MlZTSs8
Ocean-Hued clam works with bond
Finding: 4pc clam includes healing done towards clearing bond of life
Bond Of Life Expiry
Finding: Bond of life expires naturally
after 10 min
on domain entry/exit
on death + revival
An explanation as to how healing is calculated.
See the sections below for the breakdown of each individual part of the formula.
While OutgoingHealingBonus and IncomingHealingBonus are additive, the former is a stat of the healing source while the latter is a stat of the character being healed.
Outgoing Healing Bonus
OutgoingHealingBonus is a percentage stat that belongs to the source of healing, it is also known as "Healing Bonus" and "Healing Effectiveness" in-game.
Jean's Ascension Stat
Sangonomiya Kokomi's Flawless Strategy (Passive)
Sangonomiya Kokomi's Song of Pearls (A4)
Kuki Shinobu's Breaking Free (A1)
Qiqi's Ascension Stat
Everlasting Moonglow (Passive)
Maiden Beloved (2-Piece Set Bonus)
Ocean-Hued Clam (2-Piece Set Bonus)
Golden Crab 6~10%
Butter Crab 6~10%
Unagi Chazuke 15~20%
Incoming Healing Bonus
IncomingHealingBonus is a percentage stat that belongs to the character being healed.
Diona's Cat's Tail Closing Time (C6)
Dori's Discretionary Supplement (C4)
Qiqi's Life-Prolonging Methods (A1)
Maiden Beloved (4-Piece Set Bonus)
Traveling Doctor (2-Piece Set Bonus)
Bond of Life
Bond of Life is a mechanic introduced in 4.0 and is present on various weapons, characters and enemies. When it is present on a character, healing done to that character will instead go towards clearing the BOL present. All current BOL sources from enemies, weapons and characters are identical and stack with each other, and all effects that occur depending on BOL in any way (Flowing Purity/Finale of the Deep passive, Fatui Operative HP drain, etc.) trigger regardless of the source.
BOL has a visual indicator of a red region surrounding the HP bar, starting from the right and filling towards the left. When the red region surrounds the full HP bar, then the BOL has a value of 200% of max HP and it is not possible to gain more. Healing done towards clearing BOL counts as normal healing and can trigger any healing related effect. BOL expires in 10 minutes if not cleared.
See the Evidence Vault for more details
The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses..
These hilichurls wield flaming clubs and charge with reckless abandon to chase intruding adventurers off. Most wildfires in the grasslands or forests are not actually caused by a certain special Knight, but due to the actions of these hilichurls.
Attempts to light up its torch, infusing it with Pyro. If failing to light it up (for reasons such as raining) it will continue attempting to.
Slowly closes in on the player, once in range, it will take a jab with its torch.
Enters berserk rage, continuously charing in the direction of the player while furiously swinging his torch.
The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses..
Ill-tempered warriors for their tribes, they are simple-minded believers in the power of brute force. If their muscles grow strong enough and their strength great enough, then one day they too shall raise up a great shield and become a mitachurl... Or will they?
Slowly closes in on the player, once in range, it will take a jab with its club.
Jumps up, then plunges with its club at the player.
Enrages, charging towards the player with successive swings of the club.
If coming into contact with Pyro, the club may ignite, becoming infused with Pyro.
The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses..
These sneaky fellows are skilled in the use of Pyro Slimes, using them as weapons to attack intruders. Skilled grenadiers may be able to destroy four wooden dummies in a single throw.
Starts digging in the ground for a slime of it's corresponding Element. Upon finding one, it will aim, then throw it at it's target. Upon impact the slime will instantly explode.
The Hilichurl may be unable to find a slime while digging in certain conditions, such as looking for a Pyro slime under water. In this condition, it will continue digging until finding one.
While aiming, the slime in the Hilichurl's arms may be reacted with by the player.
The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses..
Hilichurl archers who wield simple crossbows. Hilichurls do not, in truth, possess the craftsmanship needed to build crossbows. As such, it is commonly believed that there is an organization that controls the hilichurls from behind the scenes and furnishes them with equipment and material supplies. The Abyss Mages that often accompany these hilichurls are especially suspicious.
Stands still and charges an arrow for 4 seconds before shooting at the player. The 4 second charge timer may be reset if its animation is interrupted.
Certain versions of the Shooter may use arrows infused with an Element.
Certain versions of the Shooter may use a 5 arrow volley instead of a single one.
The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses..
They look very similar to humanity but seem to have lost both their intellect and spirituality. Their presence on the continent has been recorded for over a thousand years, and yet they have neither history nor civilization. Since the pitch-black calamity from five hundred years ago, they have begun to spread in large numbers across the land. They are not very strong, and they lack organization, but they nonetheless bring sizable trouble to humans every once in a while.
Does not wield a weapon. Will attack the player with a basic jump attack using its claws.
Occasionally, it will pick up a rock and throw it at its target.
Grass in Teapot
Lighting grass on fire will sometimes only take 1 unit of Pyro in a friend's teapot.
Grass Fires in Friends' Teapots
Lighting grass on fire will sometimes only take 1 unit of Pyro in a friend's teapot.
In this video, Klee, who applies 1U of Pyro with her normal and charged attacks, is able to light grass on fire in my friend's teapot with only one normal or charged attack.
In this video, filmed in my own teapot, Klee is unable to light grass on fire with a single 1U application of Pyro through her normal or charged attacks.
Significance: Could be a bug, or could also signify that Elemental Gauges work differently in Co-op.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Blood Blossom (BB) Duration on Charged Attack Reapplication
Hu Tao does reset the BB duration with her CA. Due to this, hitlag also "extend" the duration of BB quite significantly
Her CA, however, does not reset the BB tick timer
Her BB does not snapshot and can CRIT
Time stamps in the video:
Image. At 00;03;06: I first applied BB
Image. At 00;06;13: I reapplied BB for the 1st time
Image. At 00;07;17: BB tick for the 1st time. It was non-CRIT. (Also, its DMG wasn't 1846, it was 880 that popped right under the 1846)
Image. At 00;07;24: I reapplied BB for the 2nd time
Image. At 00;09;06, I reapplied BB for the 3rd time
Image. At 00;10;25: I reapplied BB for the 4th time
Image. At 00;12;01: BB tick for the 2nd time. It was a CRIT
Image. At 00;15;28: BB tick for the 3rd time. The DMG was reduced because Hutao was no longer in Paramita Papilio (PP), also non-CRIT
Image. At 00;19;29: BB tick for the 4th. Same DMG as above, without PP and non-CRIT
Image. At 00;20;04: BB ended. Approximately 9s after i reapplied it at 00;10;25
Commissioned by @gimmeabreak.
Also, if you reset BB right before your PP duration end, you can have a maximum of 4 BB tick for 1 PP activation.
Longer PP with one simple trick
If you do not dash or jump cancel Hu Tao's charged attack, the Paramita Papilio state will not end during a queued Burst.
Video 1 Video 2
When ending Hu Tao combos with a Burst, it may be advisable to not cancel the final attack.
Plunging Attacks in PP don't Generate Particles
When Hu Tao is in her Paramita Papillo state, Plunging Attacks will not generate Particles. While the TCL previously stated that "Elemental Particles are generated by Pyro-infused attacks during Paramita Papilio", this applies to Normal and Charged Attacks, but not Plunging Attacks.
In this video, I used GMC rock to elevate myself, used Hu Tao's Skill, and plunged, no Particles were generated. Normal Attack did generate Particles, this was done to check whether my game was working properly (Note, the Energy gained near the end of the clip was an HP Particle from the boss).
If doing meme plunge comps with Hu Tao, less Energy will be gained and fewer Bursts will be expected.
Hu Tao's Skill Activation 0 DMG Hit Is Not Skill DMG
Hu Tao's Elemental Skill activation is a 0 DMG hit that isn't counted as Skill DMG, therefore it cannot proc effects that require Skill DMG hit like 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith and 4pc Deepwood Memories set effects.
Procs PJWS: YouTube
Doesn't proc TotM: YouTube
Doesn't proc Deepwood: YouTube
Don't ever trust ~~Hyv's wording~~ NZ.
Hu Tao Vape Melt Consistency
Finding: Tested out the Freeze underlying aura and how it pertains to how hu tao + dragon's bane. Ran the standard Freeze team hu tao/xingqiu/diona/kaeya and tested different combos (n1c, n1cd, n1cj, n2cj), in order to see if there's a difference which would keep a Hydro aura under the enemy as much as possible in order to proc dragon's bane on Melt as much as possible. Both n1cd and n1cj were found to produce more than 2x the amount of procs.
Whilst testing I also attempted to confirm vape% and Melt% with the team as there seemed to be no exact answer in the community and if different combos (n1c, n1cd, n1cj,n2cj), would also produce different %s. General reaction uptime was confirmed to be around 80%, but Melt% were much higher than the 1/3 expected, the 3 main combos were found to be around 40-50% melt and 33% vape, n1c,n1cd,n1cj. However, n2cj had an additional Pyro attack and therefore suffers at 25% melt and 57% vape uptime.
Notes about N2CJ
sometimes players are forced to run this combo in longer fights to conserve stamina appropriately
tests show this has much different results than the other combos, as there is an extra Pyro hit
Charged Attack Melt% plummets down (25%), vape% goes up (57% approx, could be summerised as either 1/2 or 1/3), no reaction% is pretty much the same as the others at 20%
overall despite strong talent% multipliers (m/v), it actually looks pretty scuffed for Freeze Melt
Evidence: google sheet with runs, 10+ runs of each combo, and video links of the recordings in the sheet too Google sheets
N1 in all combos didn't react at a consistent rate of 60-66% (the N1 in N2CJ actually got lower at 56%, but that could be down to sample size variance) melt% and vape% were inconsistent but Melt% was generally higher at 20-30%, vape% under that on Melt DB proc% inconsistent and rare, but clearly possible.
N2 in N2CJ results similar Melt% as N1 with around 30%, but vape% approximately halves compared to N1, with its share of the % going to more no reactions, which are around 66%)
Significance: Dragon's bane (potentially confirmed?) to have much more power than initially thought. Not everyone has a staff of homa, and many thought it would only work in vape teams. Potentially her best 4-Star weapon, would be interesting if someone could compare dps vs deathmatch in Melt comps. Also interesting that this Melt team is also 3x 4-Star supports, and kaeya is f2p with both diona and xingqiu available free from events (as of 1.5). If this is all accepted by an editor then these findings would be good to promote to f2p/low spenders.
Also Melt comps might have an even higher ceiling than expected, as afaik Melt% uptime isn't expected to be around 50%.
Mona Q bubble pops with Hu tao E
Finding: Mona Q can be popped by Hutao E cast animation even if this doesnt deal any damage
Evidence: See vid below, Hutao E have a knockback upon cast this might be the reason for the bubble pop. YouTube
Significance: if you're using a Vape comp with Mona + Hutao, you can squeeze more Omen debuff duration if you can try to not pop the Omen with Hutao E cast assuming you'll use Q after E since Q duration takes 130 frames = 2.1 sec = ~40%-50% Omen duratio.
This also might disapprove Mona Q description that says when an opponent affected by Illusory Bubble sustains DMG.
Hu Tao and Xiangling Vape
With both Hu Tao and Xiangling in the same team utilizing Xingqiu to reverse Vaporize their attacks, Xiangling will trigger reverse Vaporize on 60% of her pyronado hits, while Hu Tao will trigger reverse Vaporize on 23.5% of her N1 attacks, 49% of her charged attacks, and 59% of her Blood Blossom Hits.
Google Sheets (By Isu)
Google Sheets (By yuna)
Can be used to calculate Hu Tao/Xiangling dual Pyro teams and their efficacy compared to other teams.
The 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. She took over the business at a rather young age.
Hu Tao Mains Discord
Hu Tao Guide
Hu Tao Video Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Hu Tao's Charged Attacks strings can be cancelled as soon as she blinks.
Hu Tao's Charged Attacks ghost through small enemies.
Hu Tao's Vape MV/s
From JinJinx's Master Mess Sheet.
The Paramita Papilio state does not affect Poise Damage or Impulse Type of the Normal, Charged, or Plunging Attacks.
Blood Blossom tick rate is effected by hitlag. (+1s)
Elemental Particles are generated by Pyro-infused Normal and Charged Attacks during Paramita Papilio.
There is a 5-second ICD between instances of Particle production.
Meaning, ideally Hu Tao will generate Particles twice while infused
Plunging Attacks do not generate Particles.
Paramita Papilio can be extended with hitlag.
When entering Paramita Papilio the knockback will cause the Illusory Bubble from Mona's Stellaris Phantasm to be removed and the Omen debuff applied even though no damage was done.
Hu Tao's Elemental Skill activation is a 0 DMG hit that isn't counted as Skill DMG, therefore it cannot proc effects that require a Skill DMG hit such as 4pc Tenacity of the Millileth and 4pc Deepwood Memories set effects.
Spirit Soother is snapshot on cast, and will even extend Paramita Papilio to do so.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
C1 N1C Dash Cancel
N2C Jump Cancel
Life forms which have completely abandoned their former appearance and biological structure, making them able to reach the highest level of elemental purity.
All Hypostasis are immune to their own Element.
Anemo Hypostasis - Beth
Code name: Beth. A high-purity Anemo entity. Elemental hypostases are life forms which have completely abandoned their former appearance and biological structure, making them able to reach the highest level of elemental purity. Research into hypostases is mainly led by scholars of Sumeru Akademiya, but due to the level of danger that they pose, little of substance is known about hypostases beyond their scientific name and code name.
For most of the attacks below, the core will be exposed for a few seconds after the boss uses the attack. Use this opportunity to deal damage to the boss. Most of the attacks the Hypostasis does are Anemo.
Flies into the air and turns into a giant crystalfly, then shoots 2 blasts at the player; the first blast is aimed towards the player's location, while the second is a follow-up that hits those struck by the first.
Teleports to the center of the arena and spirals high into the air, forming a tornado beneath it. Over the next few seconds, forms 8 tornadoes around the arena, these tornados move randomly and don't target the player.
The tornadoes will cause Elemental Absorption if they come into contact with Hydro, Pyro, Cryo, or Electro, and will leave behind an Orb of their respective infusion in the air once the attack ends. If not infused with anything, they simply remain Anemo. Picking up these Orbs grants 3 Elemental Particles of the respective Element.
Quickly flies next to the player and forms a ring of shell pieces that create a vacuum which pulls the player towards the core while dealing constant damage. After a short time, it will pull in the shell pieces and implode.
Quickly flies next to the player and forms a large wall, which folds in a "clapping" motion very quickly, dealing damage in an area in front of the wall.
Teleports next to the player and forms a spinning dome formation with its shell. It will then proceed to take 3 random Orbs in the air, healing 5% of its health for each one and unleashes a large shockwave in the process.
By default, this deals Anemo damage, but will deal Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, or Electro damage if it pulls in that Orb.
Moves to a location away from the player and sends pieces of its shell into the sky. Over the next few seconds, three total shell pieces will fall from the sky towards the player, these leave updrafts where they fall.
The boss will not expose its core after this move, but its core will be exposed during the attack.
Moves to a location away from the player and floats into the sky, forming a rhombus with its shell pieces. Then, it sucks shell pieces into its core to form and fire wind blasts that deal AoE damage, it fires a total of 3 blasts. Move around to dodge (can dodge without dashing).
When HP is low (approx. 5%), moves to the center of the arena and forms 4 large floating Anemo orbs along with several updrafts. After some time, absorbs any Anemo orbs that remain, healing a large portion of its HP for each orb absorbed.
If an orb is absorbed by the player it will not respawn the next time the Hypostasis uses Second Wind, and if all orbs are absorbed by the player it will become unable to reuse this ability and unable to heal.
The boss can't be killed without resolving this attack first.
Cryo Hypostasis - Daleth
Code name: Daleth. A high-purity Cryo entity.Research suggests that there are subtle differences between Elemental hypostases and other Elemental life forms in terms of their Physical composition. Perhaps these differences can account for their high level of homeostasis and their almost mechanical movements.
For most of the attacks below, the core will be exposed for a few seconds after the boss uses the attack. Use this opportunity to deal damage to the boss.
Creates a barrier of detonating icicles around itself while spawning icicles where the player is standing with a short delay.
Quickly flies next to the player and forms a large wall, which folds in a "clapping" motion very quickly, dealing damage in an area in front of the wall.
Transforms into a wheel that travels in a straight line towards the player that leaves a damaging Cryo trail behind it. This attack may turn up to three times in a row.
Flies into the air and forms a rhombus with its shell pieces before firing each of them at the player.
The trajectory of these projectiles is curved.
The core is exposed during this attack.
Forms a "skirt" of icicles which it shoots in three rings of increasing diameter. The last ring creates an area of Cryo that damages the player when stood on or jumped over.
When HP is low (approx. 5%), teleports to the center of the arena and forms a thick icy shield around the core. While maintaining this state, summons several Frostfruits around it while regenerating a percentage of HP every second.
Homing Icicles will be fired periodically during this phase.
Players are able to use Charged Attacks against the fallen Frostfruits to destroy the shield and expose the core.
The fallen Frostfruits will be placed at different distances depending on how far away the player is from the boss.
The boss can't be killed without resolving this attack first.
Electro Hypostasis - Aleph
Code name: Aleph. A high-purity Electro entity. Elemental hypostases are the highest forms of Elemental structures, usually formed either at a location bursting with Elemental Energy or at a clogged ley line. Elemental hypostases have developed various attacks based on their Elemental attributes.
For most of the attacks below, the core will be exposed for a few seconds after the boss uses the attack. Use this opportunity to deal damage to the boss.
Flies into the air and forms a rhombus with its shell pieces, firing two each for a total of four attacks.
The core will be exposed during this attack.
Quickly flies next to the player and forms a large wall, which folds in a "clapping" motion very quickly, dealing damage in an area in front of the wall.
Flies next to the player and turns into a giant fist, punching in the player's direction. Then, turns into giant scissors and deals damage in a "cutting" motion. Finally, turns into a giant hand and slaps the ground in front of it.
Sometimes only performs 1 or 2 of the attacks, but will always perform them in the given order.
Turns into a giant drill and spins across the arena.
Moves to the center of the arena and forms a spinning dome formation with its shell while sending out many small waves of shell pieces.
Sends shell pieces into the sky and rains them down in an octagon formation around the player, trapping them, before raining lightning in the cage.
The cage can be broken by attacking the pillars with Elemental damage.
The core will be exposed during this attack.
This attack is usually performed only when the player takes too long to defeat the Electro Hypostasis.
Forms a ring around its core with its shell pieces and fires lasers out in 4 directions. The ring will then rotate, the lasers moving with it. When the lasers turn off, the shell pieces quickly converge on the core.
The core will be exposed during this attack.
When HP is low (approx. 5%), teleports to the center of the arena and forms 3 Electro Prisms, which can only be damaged by Elemental aura application. After 15 seconds, absorbs the Prisms and heals for 15%/35%/50% of its HP for 1/2/3 prisms absorbed.
If a Prism is destroyed, it does not add to the healing and does not respawn next time the Electro Hypostasis uses this ability.
When the player destroys all three Electro Prisms, the Electro Hypostasis dies immediately.
The boss can't be killed without resolving this attack first.
Geo Hypostasis - Gimel
Code name: Gimel. A high-purity Geo entity. Elemental hypostases are ultra-compact structures with a high mass.Concentrated elemental Energy forms a solid shell around the core of the hypostasis, leaving only the core reactive to elemental stimuli.
For most of the attacks below, the core will be exposed for a few seconds after the boss uses the attack. Use this opportunity to deal damage to the boss.
Summons 4 pillars in a large triangle formation around the arena, it will sit on one at a time and teleport between them.
Flies into the air and forms a rhombus with its shell pieces before absOrbing them all and using them to fire a continuous stream of stone pellets.
Teleports next to the player and forms its shell pieces into a giant hammer that it smashes into the ground, sending out a shockwave in front of it.
This attack can only be used once all of the Hypostasis' pillars have been destroyed.
Quickly flies next to the player and forms a large wall, which folds in a "clapping" motion very quickly, dealing damage in an area in front of the wall.
Floats into the air and forms a sort of flat, plated formation out of shell pieces while channeling a Geo seal around the player. After a few seconds, it will break the seal and instantly summon a large, damaging pillar at the player's location.
Floats into the air and briefly channels energy into the pillar it is floating on before emitting a single shockwave.
Causes shell chunks and Geo pellets to continuously rain down in various small areas around the arena. This attack will only be used when the Hypostasis is on the ground, and only seems to work the first time it is used.
Spirals into the air and channels energy into its pillar, causing all pillars to emit continuous shockwaves for the duration of the attack.
This attack is deadly and deals a massive amount of damage.
Attacking the concentrated Geo energy near the Hypostasis' pillar will create a Geo forcefield that blocks the shockwaves.
When HP is low (approx. 5%), the Hypostasis teleports to the center of the arena and forms 3 pillars that channel Geo energy. After 15 seconds, the pillars are absorbed to heal 15%/35%/50% of its HP for 1/2/3 pillars absorbed.
Destroying all pillars will immediately kill the Hypostasis.
If a pillar is destroyed, it will not respawn the next time this ability is used.
If if this move is completed, the Hypostasis will resummon 4 pillars in a triangle formation.
The boss can't be killed without resolving this attack first.
Pyro Hypostasis - Ayin
Code Name: Ayin. A high-purity Pyro entity. Elemental hypostases have the ability to often enter a sort of "emergency restart" phase when they are about to be destroyed and can revive themselves in this way. Such rapid regeneration is not possessed even by most creatures for whom survival is the top priority.
For most of the attacks below, the core will be exposed for a few seconds after the boss uses the attack. Use this opportunity to deal damage to the boss.
Has 2 states, ignited and extinguished.
Starts the battle ignited. While ignited, it will have a protective Pyro armor, which is resistant to most elements but especially weak against Hydro aura application.
In the ignited state, if its HP is less than 50%, it will regenerate 5% HP after every attack, including after reigniting.
While in Ignited State:
Arranges itself as a molten boar that charges at the player before periodically surfacing above ground, then turns into a giant hand that leaps into the player's general location.
Sometimes it may do a follow-up attack, emerging at the player's general location and exploding. The Hypostasis will disappear momentarily after exploding.
Forms itself into a giant ball that curves at the player's location, leaving a damaging Pyro trail behind it.
When near the player, it levitates high above ground, and plunges back down. This creates a Shockwave.
Arranges itself into a Pyro Serpent that fires 3 damaging fireballs at the player's general location.
Forms a giant ball that cracks open slowly. After some time, it causes a heavy explosion that does massive AoE Pyro DMG over the whole field.
While in Extinguished State:
Flies into the air and forms a rhombus with its shell pieces, firing them quickly from top to bottom.
The core will be exposed during this attack.
Creates a barrier of sorts around itself, targeting random areas and sending a Pyro pillar at said locations, before recalling them, leaving a patch of fire in said area.
Spins around while taking on the form of a rocket, deploying three Fire Seeds to reignite itself.
The amount of fuel regained is dependent on how many seeds were not extinguished, with a small amount restored if all seeds were extinguished.
The progress of refueling will be visible under the boss' health bar.
The Fire Seeds can be destroyed using Elemental aura application.
Like all other Hypostases, it has a Clap Move. Quickly flies next to the player and forms a large wall, which folds in a "clapping" motion very quickly, dealing damage in an area in front of the wall.
Hydro Hypostasis - He
A high-level Hydro elemental life form codenamed "He".
Hypostases have strong rejection properties, and will mercilessly expel any that test them. The logic behind their behavior remains a mystery.
Draws in water and then jiggles around in a bubble before exploding into two smaller bubbles towards different directions which transform into slime-like 'Water Droplets.
The darker blue droplet will head towards the player and explode, while the lighter blue droplet will send healing dots towards the boss.
If there is one droplet but not the other, it will only summon the other droplet.
The Water Droplets can be destroyed using Elemental aura application or dealing enough damage to them.
Transforms into a twisting serpentine form that spirals around vertically before diving into the ground.
This attack causes bubbles to rise from the ground all around for a while after.
Dives into the ground before turning into a pod of Dolphins, which leap towards the player in a curved trajectory.
Transforms into a twister while summoning circles of deadly rain from the sky.
Dives into the ground to re-emerge in the middle of the arena.
Dives into the ground before transforming into a single large cube while calling rolling waves from the edges of the arena to roll in towards it, before causing a large splash at the end.
Creates a summoning circle and spins a ring of water around before covering itself in a bubble and then going vulnerable in the circle.
While in this state it will cause dolphins to emerge from the ground all around.
Transforms into a ray and slaps the ground releasing Bursts of water in a line ahead.
When HP is low (approx. 5%), dives into the ground to warp to the center of the arena and summon three large 'Water Droplets' which will slowly head towards the boss. If the droplets are not defeated in time, they will touch the boss and heal it.
Droplets that are defeated will not reappear the next time the boss uses this ability.
The boss can't be killed without resolving this attack first.
A muscular hilichurl that uses solid ice as a shield, wielding it in battle..
Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl
Reason normally dictates that large creatures that see a lot of action should burn through a great number of calories to sustain themselves. As such, the present-day El Musk has proposed the "Mitachurl Index." This index correlates the percentage of mitachurls within the hilichurl population to the stability and success of hilichurl foraging activity.
Uses a large Cryo hand shield. The shield can be destroyed using Pyro or blunt attacks, or dealing enough damage to it.
Charges in a set direction until colliding with the player or a solid structure.
Blocks attacks in the way of its shields. Attacks from the side and back can still go through. If the shield is destroyed, it will be unable to perform this attack.
If the player character strays too close, it can deliver a punch.
If the player can't be reached by other attacks, digs in the ground for a Cryo slime to throw at the player.
Frame Data of Strings for ICD
Diluc Burst ICD
Diluc's Elemental Burst follows a 5-hit rule on Elemental application rather than the standard 3-hit rule.
The vape damage potential of Diluc's Burst is lower than one might expect based on the usual 3-hit rule of Elemental application. In the above clip, the last hit with higher MV would have also vaped if the 3-hit rule were followed, but instead, only the 1st and 6th hit were vaped. On the other hand, due to the nature of Diluc's Burst and how it often does not get its maximum hits anyway, the silver lining is that the longer ICD makes it less likely to result in an unwanted Pyro aura.
In Genshin, various abilities and mechanics exhibit the effects of limitations upon sequential instances of Elemental Application, damage, and poise damage. The system that imposes these limitations is most commonly referred to as internal cooldown (abbv. ICD) by the Genshin community.
ICD is a significant factor in theorycrafting as it drastically affects how a particular character's kit plays into team optimization and what team roles they can satisfy.
For motivation, we use Elemental Application as intuitive example. Below is a video of Hu Tao attacking the Electro Hypostasis in its vulnerable state via her Pyro-converted Normal Attacks.
From the video, we observe that only two Overload reactions are triggered yet Hu Tao attacks with Pyro damage four times. This leads to the conclusion that Genshin imposes a system that restricts how many times certain attacks can apply an Element.
This conjectured system also generalizes to damage (e.g. Transformative Reaction damage) and poise damage, limiting the number of damage/poise damage instances that can occur over some span of time. This system is known as internal cooldown or ICD for short.
Here we give a simplified but commonly accepted understanding of ICD. For most purposes of theorycrafting and general understanding, it is sufficient enough to apply the main ideas of ICD. Again, we use Elemental Application as an example keeping in mind that ICD also applies to damage and poise damage.
Generally speaking, ICD is controlled by two parameters: a timer and a hit count. For the sake of clarity, we will use standard ICD (very common configuration for many character abilities). Standard ICD results in the following:
a hit can apply an Element once every 3 hits or
a hit can apply an Element once every 2.5 seconds.
For this reason, it is common to say that standard ICD is 3 hits or 2.5 seconds. There is an additional component of ICD; however, that often leads to confusion for those new to ICD. That is:
the 3-hit rule will not reset the 2.5-second timer.
the 2.5-second timer will reset the 3-hit count.
Because this concept tends to be very confusing when written out in text, we will use the video below as a visual example of what the above should be interpreted as.
The timer and hit count rules for Elemental Application ICD can vary wildly and it is also possible for abilities to not have ICD at all (in which case, every hit will apply an Element).
ICD for damage works in an identical way but instead limits the number of damage instances possible. Similarly, poise damage ICD limits the number of poise damage instances.
Properties of ICD
Some general properties of ICD are:
ICD is not shared between enemies.
Example: If three Hilichurls have Hydro applied to them, then a Pyro attack (that hits all three Hilichurls) limited by standard ICD will trigger Vaporize on all three Hilichurls rather than just one.
ICD is not shared between characters.
Example: If Sucrose triggers a Swirl reaction with her Elemental Skill and hits Swirl damage ICD, then Venti's Swirl damage will not be affected by the fact that Sucrose's Elemental Skill Swirls are on ICD.
Multiple abilities may share ICD.
Example: Keqing's Normal and Charged Attacks share ICD. Thus, which instances of her Normal and Charged Attacks will apply an Element is determined by standard ICD (where both her Normal and Charged Attacks may contribute to the hit count and start the timer).
Here we give a more precise framework for ICD. While the intuitive overview gives perspective about what kinds of observable effects ICD has, it does not give a precise detailing of how ICD actually works internally. Furthermore, the intuitive explanation does not explain anomalies such as why Ayaka, at C2 and above, can only Melt 16 times over the duration of her Elemental Burst (assuming all attacks hit) when 20 would be expected by the intuitive understanding of ICD.
The gauge applied, then, is given by
Damage and poise damage ICD are defined in the same way with minor terminology differences:
Damage ICD corresponds to damage sequences and damage attenuation factors.
Poise damage ICD corresponds to poise damage sequences and poise damage attenuation factors.
Example: C2 Ayaka Burst Application
Suppose we investigate a C2 Ayaka. Each hit of her Elemental Burst (including the C2 hits) shares ICD and is gated by standard ICD with gauge sequence
This gives the sequence
Example: Swirl Damage
It follows, then, that only two instances of Pyro Swirl damage will be dealt to the enemy.
Example: Code snippet
For those who prefer code, the following Python script is an example implementation of ICD.
Internal Cooldown Table
ICD table that was based on Advanced Gauge Unit Theory on Genshin Impact Wiki, with a few corrections from examining the data files.
Over many long years, this large fungal beast has morphed into a unique form.
Its intelligence has already reached and perhaps has even surpassed real animals, and it will actively hunt prey to obtain sustenance. Its tail has a lovely jade plumage that seems very similar to that of the ancient sacred beast that the Spantamad school reveres. As far as the logic of mimesis is concerned, it seems quite likely that the two beings once walked the earth together.
Performs a 3-part combo consisting of a sweeping bite, a head slam, and a jumping slam, dealing 80% ATK, 80% ATK, 100% ATK as AoE Dendro DMG. The Jadeplume Terrorshroom will also imbue itself with a Dendro aura during the jumping slam. This combo may also be cut short.
Briefly imbues itself with a Dendro aura, swings its tail and launches a barrage of projectiles at the player. Each projectile deals 30% ATK as Dendro DMG on hit. This attack can be chained up to 3 times.
Imbues itself with a Dendro aura, sends several spores upwards which then land and explode, dealing 50% ATK as AoE Dendro DMG over a large area.
The Jadeplume Terrorshroom's Fury bar will fill by 2% when hit by an Electro attack, fill by 15% when a Quicken, Aggravate, or Spread reaction is triggered on it, and reduce by 34% when hit by a Pyro attack.
When the Fury bar is fully filled, the Jadeplume Terrorshroom will become activated and perform Spore Rain, Furious Charge, or Rapid Pecks, then become paralyzed for ~15 seconds with reduced Resistances.
Imbues itself with a Dendro aura, scatters countless spores into the air that home towards the player, each dealing 45% ATK as Dendro DMG on hit.
Charges at the player twice, dealing 120% ATK as Dendro DMG on hit.
Aimlessly swings its beak 4 times, dealing 120% ATK as Dendro DMG with each swing.
If the Burning reaction is inflicted upon the Jadeplume Terrorshroom while it is not in the activated state, it will become Scorched. It will then summon 3 Floating Dendro Fungi to assist in battle and return to the normal state. The Floating Dendro Fungi will already be in their Scorched state when summoned.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Jean CA Visual Effect
Finding: Jean's CA visual and audio effect will appear on more than just enemies, as well as even appearing on enemies that don't get lifted at all.
Ruin Guard: YouTube
Haybales and Cooking Pot: YouTube
Parametric Transformer (activated and not activated):
Gale Blade's Pull effect's Dependence on Level Difference
Tested this with Jean level by level. For Gale Blade to continually be able to pull opponents, it seems a level difference below or equal to 20 is required.
Lvl 74 Jean vs lvl 95 Hilichurl, where target Hilichurl isn't lifted
Lvl 75 Jean vs lvl 95 Hilichurl, where target Hilichurl is lifted
Leveling your Jean to 80 is necessary if you want to abuse fall damage on Level 100 enemies on Floor 12 of Spiral Abyss
Fall Damage Basis from Gale Blade
The damage caused by Jean's Elemental Skill, Gale Blade, from falling is a percent based on the target maximum health. These percentage value ranges are based on velocity of the fall rather than the height.
For the two below clips, we are comparing the damages dealt for simply pulling them to the ground after Jean's Charged Attack, and for when they are flung high up in the air with Jean's Elemental Skill.
Lvl 69 Hilichurl
Damage of 2.2k, for pulling the target to the ground after Jean's Charged Attack
Damage of 2.1k, for flinging the target high up in the air with Gale Blade
Lvl 70 Fatui Cicin Mage 13.4k, 12.5k
Damage of 13.4k, for pulling the target to the ground after Jean's Charged Attack
Damage of 12.5k, for flinging the target high up in the air with Gale Blade
In the clip below, the second time Gale Blade is used, the target flew and was thrown at a slight arc rather than straight up. This resulted in reduced damage.
Lvl 90 Fatui Cicin Mage (in Midsummer domain)
Damage of 39.4k, for pulling the target to the ground after Jean's Charged Attack
Damage of 22.9k, for flinging the target at an arc with Gale Blade
I believe that the large gap in damage is sufficient evidence to claim that the slam/fall damage is a percentage based on the target's maximum health. Damage isn't boosted by Superconduct.
Evidence that its based on max HP
Damage of 57k in the beginning when target had full HP
Damage of 53k at the end when target had only a sliver of health
Pulling the target to the ground using Gale Blade rather than launching them results in similar damage applied faster.
If choosing to launch target for crowd-control reasons, then make sure that the target is sent straight up in order to inflict the most damage.
Jean Hold E Fall Damage Inconsistent
Jean's Held Gale Blade produces inconsistent fall damage numbers when compared to Tap Gale Blade. Fall Damage on enemies is inconsistent while fall damage on objects is not.
Jean's Gale Blade: "At the cost of continued stamina consumption, Jean can command the whirlwind to pull surrounding opponents and objects towards her front."
In the sheet, there are two tests, one for Gale Blade on Baron Bunny and on an Abyss Mage with a video demonstration of the method used.
For the Baron Bunny tests, Held Gale Blade produced slightly inconsistent fall damage numbers compared to Tap Gale Blade's consistent numbers. For the Abyss Mage tests, both variations of Gale Blade produced inconsistent numbers, however, the disparity for Held Gale Blade's numbers were far greater than Tap Gale Blade's numbers.
The inconsistent fall damage from the Held version of Gale Blade is likely to be something caused by the small disturbances happening while holding a target. As such it can also be negated by simply doing a Sucrose Counter Yeet (yes, I called it that) which will force the target to come crashing down at maximum speed which will remove the massive inconsistencies of a normal Jean Yeet.
Illustrates that Jean's Held Gale Blade produces inconsistent numbers compared to Tap Gale Blade. Jean players, and likely other fall damage abusers, will have to take this into consideration for their strategies as it could effect abyss runs against lightweight enemies. So far, the most likely reason is how Jean's Held Gale Blade holds enemies in front of her, causing small changes in velocity/height. Other reasons would be tied to how fall damage as a whole works, relating to velocity, hitbox collision, landing angle, etc.
Further proves that fall damage is based on velocity, not height (however greater height causes more acceleration). Also proves that objects (such as Baron Bunny) have different hitboxes than enemies when calculating fall damage. Also, some instances of fall damage are drastically lower. This is likely due to a bug.
Fall Damage Is Influenced By Poise
The velocity from fall DMG can be influenced by interrupt resist or poise, and can increase fall DMG to 160%.
Original clip is from xf3, then made to edit to make it side by side. In the video below it shows an abyss mage with 0 poise (stunned/staggered) vs an abyss mage with 2.25 poise. mage at 0 poise was launched at higher velocity than the mage who is dancing. This is easily reproducible.
Before launching an opponent with Jean E, reduce its poise to 0 and stagger them first, then watch your fall DMG hit higher numbers.
Dandelion Field & Border Entering/Exiting DMG gauge is 2U
Burst Field is 2U
Burst Border is 2U
Jean Burst clearing 1U Aloy Charged Shot
Continuous Self-Swirl and Cleanse
Jean's Elemental Burst, Dandelion Breeze, repeatedly Swirls every character in the area if they have an Aura Element on them. Should the same character stand on Bennett's Elemental Burst, Fantastic Voyage, it will trigger a Swirl reaction every second and apply Pyro to all surrounding enemies.
Very consistent aura application. Can be used for Cryo or Hydro main carries or Overload setups in conjunction with Bennett.
Anemo can be the aura for Swirl during Bennett-Jean Sunfire under very specific circumstances.
At 0:16-0:17, Bennett's Q applied Pyro shortly after Jean Q applied Anemo on the active character (Kaeya). This caused Bennett to become the trigger for Swirl, causing a sunfire pulse which was Vaporized for 2244 Pyro damage, even though Jean has 0 EM (Bennett had 141 EM in this run). A subsequent Vaporized Surefire pulse at 0:21 dealt 872 damage, which was the expected amount if Jean is the trigger.
Though there isn't currently a known method for reliably reproducing this phenomenon, it is near certain that the conditions required to replicate this involves swapping characters while under both Bennett Q and Jean Q such that Jean's Q applies Anemo right before Bennett's Q applies Pyro on the active character.
This is the second known scenario where Anemo is not the trigger of a Swirl reaction, but rather is the aura of one (the first being the Anemo Hypostasis). For sunfire specifically, this could substantially reduce the damage of a chain reacted sunfire pulse. This also implies that certain sources of Anemo can cause a unit other than the Anemo Hypostasis to have a reactable amount of Anemo aura
Lastly, it debunks the common belief that Anemo cannot be the aura for a Swirl reaction (though the behavior of the Anemo Hypostasis already serves as limited proof)
Jean Burst Border Damage on Initial Cast and Duration End
Jeans Elemental Burst, Dandelion Breeze, deals Border DMG to enemies within its AoE on initial cast and when the duration of the dandelion field ends. If an enemy enters the field after initial cast or leaves the field before the duration ends (voluntarily or involuntarily), an instance of Border DMG is dealt to said enemy. With enough aura on enemies or well-timed Elemental application, the initial Burst cast can cause 2 Swirl instances (1 from initial Burst DMG, 1 from Border DMG).
Border DMG on initial cast and end + Border DMG upon late entry
Border DMG upon premature exit
2 swirls on initial cast
w/ Fischl & Raiden
Finding is somewhat significant for team damage calculations. This gives Jean slightly higher damage contribution through 2 guaranteed instances of Border DMG and additional Swirl instances (where applicable). Additionally, team rotations with Jean that depend on certain auras on enemies for setups should also consider these additional damage instances as they can potentially deplete auras.
Anemo Aura Continued
Finding 1: For Jean Q -> Bennett Q, the approximate timing for ensuring that Bennett becomes the trigger of Sunfire self Swirl at 80ms ping is from ~2.035s to ~2.065s from pressing Q on Jean to pressing Q on Bennett.
Finding 2: Bennett can trigger VV if he's the trigger of Sunfire self-Swirl.
Example clip: YouTube
Macro for testing: Imgur
Bennett statpage (Iron Sting): Imgur, Imgur
Jean statpage (Festering Desire): Imgur, Imgur
4VV Bennett viable yahooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Jean's C4 Verticality
Jean's fourth constellation has the following effect:
"Within the Field created by Dandelion Breeze, all opponents have their Anemo RES decreased by 40%."
The Anemo Resistance reduction component of this constellation still applies vertically even if her Elemental Burst misses enemies on Venti's Elemental Burst
The reach of Dandelion Breeze's damage component has a vertical limit but the effects of it can reach much further. Thus, has potential combination for Xiao midair strikes.
Interaction Between Jean Sunfire And Freedom-Sworn
"Sunfire" is the interaction between Jean Q and Bennett Q. In this scenario Jean selfswirls the Pyro applied to her by Bennett Q to damage the enemy. The damage is affected by EM which makes it a viable strategy to build EM/EM/EM on Jean in a comp using "Sunfire". Please note that under specific circumstances "Sunfire" can also have Anemo aura as explained in this TCL entry.
This entry will explain the interaction between Sunfire and the weapon Freedom-Sworn for Jean. The self Swirl interaction of "Sunfire" does not count as a reaction for Freedom-Sworn Passive stacks. This is the same problem that 4-Piece Instructor set has, explored in this TCL entry.
Sunfire on-field no FS
Sunfire off-field no FS
Sunfire 2+ targets
This limits the use of Freedom-Sworn on Jean significantly in certain comps. A prominent example would be Raiden Hyper (Raiden | buffer | Jean | Bennett) among others. Sunfire itself cannot be used to proc the passive. Players need to do EQ or QE and both abilities need to proc a reaction of an enemy directly for Freedom Sworn to activate.
The number of targets does not matter because only the initial hit and the ending hit of Jeans Q count for the Freedom-Sworn Passive. Due to the cooldown in gaining stacks which is 0.5s across all refines for the weapon you cannot gain 2 stacks from the reaction of the initial Jean Q hit.
Sunfire Jean OL Triggering Freedom-Sworn
Sunfire Jean triggering off-field Overloads during her Burst can trigger the Freedom-Sworn (FS) Passive. This is primarily relevant in Raiden Hyper teams.
Here is the Passive being activated with Jean EQ, as already established:
Below are two instances of off-field FS activation via OL occurring in Abyss 12-2 against two Ruin Graders:
Here is a recording of the run from the beginning to confirm testing integrity:
However, the OLs from Sunfire Jean (and hence the activation of the FS Passive) seem to be inconsistent in Raiden Hyper. In the two below videos, the FS Passive did not trigger because Jean did not trigger a single Overload throughout her Q:
It's not always the end of the world if you forget to EQ with Jean to activate Freedom-Sworn in Raiden teams; the Passive may still activate during the rest of her Burst. Also somewhat relevant if the enemies are knocked back by OL and your E misses.
Jean Burst Exit Damage Charges Shield During The Final Calamity
If Jean casts her Burst right before the Final Calamity begins during the Raiden Shogun weekly boss fight, the Dandelion Breeze field exit damage at end of Burst duration will proc Electro Swirl off of invisible Raiden Shogun's shield.
Jean's Burst exit damage proc can Swirl invisible Raiden: YouTube
2nd clip that shows Burst does not hit the orb but still Swirls invisible Raiden: YouTube
Other Jean attacks that do not Swirl invisible Raiden:
Tap Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Hold Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Burst (on enter): untested; requires an absurd amount of ER to charge Burst after Energy drain.
These characters cannot Swirl Electro Raiden:
Tap Skill: YouTube (no Swirl; auto-targets the orb)
Hold Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Burst: YouTube (no Swirl; Electro Absorption from before Raiden disappears)
Xiao: Skill and Burst YouTube
NA: YouTube (no Swirl)
CA: YouTube (no Swirl)
P: YouTube (no Swirl)
Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Burst: YouTube (no Swirl)
Tap Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Hold Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Burst: YouTube (no Swirl; Electro Absorption from before Raiden disappears)
Tap Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Hold Skill: YouTube (no Swirl; Electro Absorption from before Raiden disappears)
Burst: YouTube (no Swirl)
NA: YouTube (no Swirl)
CA: YouTube (no Swirl)
P: YouTube (no Swirl)
Tap Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Hold Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Burst: untested; requires an absurd amount of ER to charge Burst after Energy drain.
A1: YouTube (no Swirl)
Tap Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Hold Skill: YouTube (no Swirl)
Burst: untested; too difficult to time/position.
It is possible to hit invisible Raiden Shogun's shield, but only Jean's Burst field exit damage has been found to exhibit this behavior so far.
This Electro Swirl fully charges the Flowers of Remembrance (orb) Shield, which makes it far easier for Jean to avoid Raiden Shogun's Eye of Stormy Judgement instant kill mechanic when fighting Raiden Shogun solo Jean.
The righteous and rigorous Dandelion Knight, and Acting Grand Master of Mondstadt's Knights of Favonius.
Jean Mains Discord
Jean Written Guide: Commanding the Dandelion Knight
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The Charged Attack visual and audio effect will appear on more than just enemies, as well as even appearing on enemies that don't get lifted at all.
Costs 20 stamina per second to hold.
Enemies launched by Gale Blade can incur fall damage against the ground or walls.
Fall damage is based on a percentage of enemy health making it very useful against enemies with high health and low interruption resistance.
While Jean cannot move you can move the camera to change where you are aiming with the blade.
To be able to lift an enemy, Jean's level must be no more than 20 levels below the enemy's level.
Fall damage for the hold variant can vary somewhat arbitrarily, as enemies held in Gale Blade will not be held completely still.
If Gale Blade (E) is held while looking down on falling enemies, they can take fall damage before being launched up again for a second instance of fall damage.
Cast also knocks away light enemies.
The Dandelion Field deals Anemo damage to enemies crossing the border of the field.
Dandelion Breeze deals Field Enter/Exit DMG to enemies within its AoE on initial cast and when the duration of the Dandelion Field ends.
Heals and applies Anemo continuously to the active character inside the field cleansing debuffs.
The continuous swirling of auras allows elements to spread to surrounding opponents when self-afflicted with an Element.
With precise timing, Anemo can be the aura for self-swirls occasionally.
This self-swirl interaction does not count as a reaction for Freedom-Sworn Passive stacks and 4-Piece Instructor set effect.
In Sunfire (when Jean's Burst and Bennett's Burst overlap), if Jean triggers Overload the Freedom-Sworn Passive will be activated.
In Sunfire, Bennett can trigger the 4-Piece VV effect set himself if he's the one that triggers Sunfire self-Swirl.
If Jean casts her Burst right before the Final Calamity begins during the Raiden Shogun weekly boss fight, the Dandelion Breeze field exit damage at end of Burst duration will proc Electro Swirl off of invisible Raiden Shogun's shield.
This buff does not stack with itself.
These buffs persist for their full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
E Tap: 1GU, Tap E Aura duration is 12s.
E Hold: 2GU, Held E Aura duration is 15s.
Enhanced Plunge & A1: 1GU
Burst Elemental DMG ticks: 1GU
E tap: 5 meters
E hold: 8 meters
E plunge: 5 meters
Q area: 10 meters
Kazuha Slash has a short vertical height.
Normal Attack Mechanics
Kazuha's normal attacks cannot strike enemies lifted by Venti's Elemental Burst.
N5 persists after Kazuha cancels his animation or leaves the field.
While under the influence of Chihayaburu, plunge attacks will always deal Anemo damage despite infusion.
NA and CA share ICD.
Dragonstrike of N5
Kazuha's N5 generates enough hitlag that allows him to Dragonstrike.
Potential for some interesting combos. Cool stuff. Very fun.
Tap E Particle count is fixed 3 Anemo Orbs. Hold E Particle count is fixed 4 Anemo Orbs.
Chihayaburu will only generate Particles when the initial vacuum hits enemies. Video confirmation.
E tap/hold initial cast&plunge can pull Klee's bombs.
E can be used mid air to regain stamina while climbing.
E can be used mid air to regain stamina when gliding after starting to fall.
Kazuha's interruption resistance is greatly increased when mid-air.
Skill can be slightly held for a minimal suction increase while keeping tap E's cooldown.
Kazuha's Elemental Skill is an incredible tool for gathering loot in the overworld.
Kazuha's hold E can jump over primo vishap's breath attack.
Kazuha's E jump does not have i-frames.
Kazuha's E vertical reach is strangely long.
Chihayaburu's infused Element can be seen as a small circle around kazuha.
Kazuha can perform a 180 very quickly mid air.
Kazuha Hold E can cause fall DMG
Kazuha's e Skill causes certain types of enemies to take fall damage.
The Skill only works on enemies that can be lifted by kazuha's Skill, specifically enemies of weight ranges of anything lighter than and up to 80 arbitrary units used by the game. However, with that being said, some enemies suffer kazuha's fall damage easier than others.
As per testing, fall damage has been proven to be caused to Fatui cicin mages, the Fatui agents and light treasure hoarders including the marksman rather consistently, with the type of floor not being a variable as it can be caused in both domains and the overworld.
The cause of the fall damage seems to be an unnatural acceleration towards the floor after being sucked into the vortex caused by kazuha's Skill. The enemies that can suffer fall damage will be pulled away from the vacuum forcefully in the direction of the floor, causing them to gain enough velocity to suffer fall damage. Lighter enemies are less likely to take any damage this way.
It is not complicated to trigger this as it activates by just simply tapping/holding kazuha's Skill without having to do any other action, e.g Charged Attacks/glide in the air. It is also not platform-specific (PlayStation was not tested) as it can be procced on both PC and mobile. One thing to take note is that the chance of fall damage has something to do with packet loss, poor frame rates, and lag issues as it can't be procced when the connection is unstable.
This feature is most likely unintended, but not a bug due to the janky nature of fall damage. Unlike jean and Sucrose who can consistently cause fall damage due to the stronger downward pull and yeet function on their kits, kazuha's Skill only has a weak vortex that causes the accelerated pull in specific situations. Hence he is unable to proc fall damage as consistent and as well as the 2 other characters mentioned.
Kazuha Tap E Air Time Can Be Shortened
By double tapping your glider as soon as you've tapped your Skill on Kazuha, you can shorten the air time thereby landing on the ground a little bit faster if you don't intend to plunge.
This video shows the tech first and a normal fall second. Note the Elemental Skill CD when kazuha's feet touches the ground, 4.8 without the tech and 5.1 with the tech, which means it may save around ~0.3 seconds.
This tech is useful if you only want to tap E with Kazuha without initiating a plunge attack. For example if you want to reapply VV shred to some Frozen enemies but you don't want to Shatter them.
Kazuha Land Cancel
After using E, Kazuha's Special Plunge does not have a minimum height restriction, unlike regular Plunging Attacks. This means you can do a plunge very low to the ground. In fact, you can plunge so low to the ground that it cancels the initial rising motion of the plunge. The timing for this is probably either a 1 or 2 frame window.
Credit to for the initial discovery.
30 FPS comparison with normal EP
60 FPS comparison with normal EP
Kazuha E Absorption Bug
Kazuha E will, under certain conditions, fail to absorb self auras (particularly relevant with Bennett's Q field). It will still be able to absorb auras from enemies in his E range.
credits to for discovering the bug first
How to reproduce this bug easily:
get a self aura infused onto Kazuha (Bennett Burst is the most common method)
input dash + jump then e immediately. You have to press dash + jump at the same time.
YouTube (by Scrungle)
Kazuha's E aura check seems to be able to even ignore his own aura. Given that some rotations are tuned to Kazuha's E absorbing the expected Element, one may want to avoid dashing+jumping before inputting his E. However, one might also be able to use this bug to intentionally avoid absorbing self auras onto his E.
As for an explanation to why this bug occurs, it's probably due to funky aura check mechanics in Kazuha's E. Perhaps the dash jump makes it so he can't detect his own aura due to the invincibility frames during the dash, with the jump allowing for E to be input while the invincibility frames are happening, although this is all just speculation.
Kazuha Keeps Midare Ranzan Bug
Kazuha can keep his special plunge/Midare Ranzan either by getting Frozen while ascending or getting hit by a bubble from a Hydro Abyss Mage on the way up. It lasts for about 10s, just like the original effect.
Bubble interrupt - Imgur
Frozen interrupt - Imgur
10s expiry duration - Imgur
More understanding about how his Elemental Skill works. Probably fluff, but cool stuff.
Plunging After Skill
Kazuha's tap/hold E naturally lifts Kazuha enough to guarantee a high plunge when used immediately. Delaying the plunge or staying in the air for longer after a tap E can potentially downgrade the plunge to a low plunge multiplier.
1173 - low plunge
1465 - high plunge
Understanding how Kazuha normally works. Plunging immediately after a tap E guarantees a high plunge.
Can Kazuha Infuse Element During Plunge From Bennett C6 And Chongyun
Kazuha's E > plunge Anemo infusion/conversion is not overtaken by weapon infusion from the likes of Bennett or Chongyun.
In the first video, we can see Kazuha doing ONLY ANEMO DMG on his plunge, even though his sword is infused with Cryo before going up. We can vaguely visualize his sword getting Anemo infused during plunge.
In the second video, we get a better view of the Cryo infusion while going up which is then OVERRIDDEN BY KAZUHA'S ANEMO INFUSION.
The 3rd video shows a similar scenario with c6 bennett. The video is slowed down to better visualize the Pyro infusion on ascending which is overridden by Kazuha's Anemo infusion.
Kazuha's E > plunge can be considered as an Anemo infusion which cannot be overridden by weapon infusion as seen in the likes of keqing or ayaka or chongyun.
Kazuha Slash snapshots.
Kazuha Slash can self-infuse auras.
Infusion priority order is Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo.
Can Kazuha Infuse Element During Plunge From Bennett C6 And Chongyun
Kazuha's Burst checks for aura just before the Kazuha Slash hits. When self-inflicted auras like Bennett's Burst are cleared by enemy hits before Kazuha's Burst checks for auras, Kazuhas Burst will absorb the aura based on his known absorption priority in the Burst absorption hit-box, either enemy or character.
Bennett Q - Kazuha N1 Q - Imgur
Kazuha has Pyro aura before and during Q animation
Kazuha was hit by the Icicle from Cryo Slime that removes the Pyro aura
Kazuha Slash hits the Lawachurl, while the Autumn Whirlwind absorbs Cryo
Timing Burst on certain cases.
Kazuha Burst Tick Count
Kazuha burst DoT ticks 5 times
Better understanding of his kit
A1: Soumon Swordsmanship
Kazuha's 1st ascension passive applies aura before the plunge damage, allowing Kazuha to Swirl off of no aura on enemies, but also adding the risk of not swirling if the applied aura reacts with an existing aura and removing.
A4: Poetics of Fuubutsu
Kazuha's 4th ascension passive works off-field and only gives bonus damage on swirled elements.
Kazuha's 4th ascension passive overrides and refreshes buff each Swirl of the same Element.
Kazuha's Dynamically Changing Buff
Further evidence that Kazuha's A4 Passive buff dynamically changes it's value every new Swirl depending on how much EM Kazuha has when the Swirl happened.
Diona's C6 increases Kazuha's EM by 200 when he's standing on it, giving him stronger buffs and this persists the entire time the buff is up (as you can see, Ganyu's Cryo DMG Bonus is still 83.6% even when Ganyu steps out of Diona's Burst) - YouTube
Again, Diona's C6 increases Kazuha's buff the first time he swirls, giving Ganyu 83.6% Cryo DMG bonus. But, when a new Swirl happens the buff gets lower, back to the same value when Diona is not buffing Kazuha beforehand. - YouTube
This finding can potentially impact rotation planning. When using teams involving Diona and Kazuha, it is maybe in some cases a good idea to only use his Skill when standing on Diona's Burst and not trigger his Burst at all. This can also include other EM-increasing characters like Albedo for example. The key is to only Swirl once every time the EM increase is on Kazuha. Still, Kazuha's damage from his Burst can easily make up for the loss of the extra Passive buff.
C2: Yamaarashi Tailwind
Effects stack with Diona's C6. - jd
C4: Oozora Genpou
The Energy gained from C4 while gliding is not affected by Energy Recharge, it takes 23 ticks to cap after using a Burst.
Kazuha can gain his Energy back through gliding before abyss chamber.
C6: Crimson Momiji
Kazuha's Anemo Infusion can be overridden by other infusion effects.
The Anemo infusion from C6 can react with infusion field triggering a Swirl reaction based on the field maker's EM.
Damage bonus works regardless of infusion overlap, but only during infusion duration.
Kazuha And Sucrose Interaction
Sucrose A4 shares 20% of Kazuha's C2 EM.
A wandering samurai from Inazuma who is currently with Liyue's Crux Fleet. A gentle and carefree soul whose heart hides a great many burdens from the past.
Kazuha Written Guide: Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves
6 Minute Video Guide to Kazuha
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Kazuha cannot strike enemies that are lifted by Venti's Elemental Burst.
Kazuha's N5 attack can be used to dragonstrike.
Kazuha's 2-hit N3 is "not linked" but his 3-hit N5 is "linked" when it comes to Echoes of an Offering. For more information see this Vault Entry.
Kazuha's Chihayaburu (Hold) can cause certain enemies to take Fall DMG.
By double tapping your glider as soon as you've tapped your Skill on Kazuha, you can shorten the air time thereby landing on the ground a little bit faster if you don't intend to plunge (for example if you want to reapply VV shred to some Frozen enemies but you don't want to Shatter them).
Some forms of interruption after casting Chihayaburu may cause the ability to cast Midare Ranzan to persist up to 10s without remaining airborne.
Plunging immediately after a tap E guarantees a high plunge while waiting might give low plunge damage.
Absorption priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
Kazuha E will, under certain conditions, fail to absorb self auras
Midare Ranzan does not have a minimum height limit, meaning Kazuha can start the Plunging Attack a lot lower than a regular Plunging Attack.
Midare Ranzan can be considered as an Anemo Infusion which cannot be overridden by other Infusions.
Absorption priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
DoT ticks 5 times over the burst duration
The Elemental damage is applied before Midare Ranzan, allowing it to Swirl without a pre-existing aura on enemies, additionally this also means that the applied aura can react with pre-existing aura, potentially resulting in no Swirl.
Absorption priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
Kazuha's 4th ascension passive works off-field and only gives bonus damage on swirled elements.
Kazuha's 4th ascension passive will reflect his Elemental Mastery from the time of the Swirl, even if his Elemental Mastery later changes during its duration.
Kazuha's 4th ascension passive overrides previous instances on every Swirl of the same Element, using his current Elemental Mastery.
The Elemental DMG Bonus persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Sucrose's A4 shares 20% of EM from this Constellation.
The Energy gained while gliding is not affected by Energy Recharge.
The Anemo infusion can be overridden by other infusion effects such as Bennett's C6 Inspiration Field.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Kaeya E Energy Trials
Finding: Kaeya generates Particles between 2-3 (4-5 if accounting for ascension talent) at a 1:2 ratio, not a 1:1 ratio.
Evidence: Google docs
Methodology: I used Kaeya's Skill 59 times and averaged the number of Particles dropped per Skill usage, which averaged out to 2.677.
Significance: Kaeya gens more Energy than in TCL, which probably changes ER requirements for quite a lot of teams (including Eula).
Glacial Waltz Proc Frames and Interactions
Kaeyas Glacial Waltz (non-c6) has an enemy-independent lock that lasts at least 75f or 1.2s. I constantly observe the icicles proccing about 75-100f since their last proc. This is true regardless if the hitboxes come from the same enemy (B-1) or different (B-2). This means that the locks are specific to icicles and independent of enemy. The timing is more variable than Xianglings Pyronado, but this could be due to funky Glacial Waltz hitboxes, which is beyond the scope of what Im trying to do.
Kaeya Glacial Waltz procs standing surrounded by Cryo Regisvine
Kaeya Glacial Waltz procs surrounded by Ruin Guards
Google Sheet containing all the frame counts mentioned.
These data sheds light onto Glacial Waltz mechanics and how to maximize their Burst damage. It also explains how moving around an enemy in the opposite direction of the rotation can increase damage of both bursts. However, you should not move too fast or else the enemy hit box loses contact with your Burst before the lock expires.
A4: Glacial Heart
Kaeya A4 Energy
Finding: The amount of additional Particles generated by Kaeya's A4 depends on the number of enemies hit. Hitting 1 enemy generates 1 additional Particle and hitting 2 (or more) enemies generates 2 additional Particles.
1 enemy Frozen by Kaeya's E: YouTube
3-4 Particles were generated in total.
2 enemies Frozen by Kaeya's E: YouTube
4-5 Particles were generated in total.
The Energy gained from Kaeya's A4 is worse in single-target resulting in a higher ER requirement.
Aiming Kaeya's E to hit multiple enemies at once in Freeze comps helps with his Energy generation.
Kaeya A4 Procs on Frozen Targets
Findings: Kaeya's A4 is phrased as "Opponents Frozen by Frostgnaw will drop additional Elemental Particles." However, enemies don't actually have to be Frozen by his Elemental Skill for the additional Particles to be generated; as long as Kaeya's Skill hits a Frozen enemy, it will generate additional Elemental Particles.
Evidence: Barbara freezes target and Kaeya uses his E afterwards. 4 Particles are received, which can only come from his A4 Passive.
Significance: With Freeze comps, you can basically just E whenever you want and still get the additional Particles without having to make sure Kaeya's the trigger
Kaeya A4 vs Enemies That Can Not be Frozen
Kaeyas A4 does not work on Boss and Trounce Domain enemies, works on Cryo Abyss Mage.
Kaeyas Elemental Skill generates 2-3 Particles when hitting Boss and Trounce Domain enemies inflicted with Hydro and generates 4 Particles when hitting a Cryo Abyss Mage inflicted with Hydro. Testings cannot be done on Thunder Manifestation and Stormterror, the former due to inherent Electro aura and the latter due to weird interactions with Hydro preventing Cryo from triggering the Frozen status.
Further understanding of Particle generation.
C2: Never-Ending Performance
Anyone can Trigger C2 Extension
The wording has changed in v3.3.
Every time Glacial Waltz defeats an opponent during its duration, its duration is increased by 2.5s, up to a maximum of 15s.
While Glacial Waltz is in effect, for each opponent defeated, its duration is increased by 2.5s, up to a maximum of 15s.
Unlike how it is worded, Kaeya C2 does not care if his Burst or himself that deals the final blow; Anyone can deal the final blow, and the extension still happens.
Clarification for C2 trigger condition. C2 is easier to trigger than the ingame wording suggests.
An accomplished swordsman and a strategic thinker in the Knights of Favonius, rumored to hail from beyond Mondstadt.
Full Kaeya Written Guide: Death After Noon
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Frostgnaw does not have any hitlag.
Frostgnaw applies 4U Cryo to water, but 2U to enemies.
Glacial Waltz does not have any hitlag.
Glacial Waltz hits around 13 times while standing stationary.
The cooldown of Glacial Waltz starts on frame 49. The duration also starts counting from this frame.
Each Icicle has a ~75 frame lockout from dealing damage after hitting an enemy.
Kaeya's Burst has 110 idle i-frames (1.8s).
This applies even if the target is already Frozen
The amount of additional Particles generated by Kaeya's A4 depends on the number of enemies hit. Hitting 1 enemy generates 1 additional Particle and hitting 2 (or more) enemies generates 2 additional Particles.
This Ascension Passive will not work on Boss and Trounce Domain enemies, but will work on Cryo abyss mages.
The condition can be triggered by anyone in the party. Opponents do not need to be defeated by Glacial Waltz specifically to for Never-Ending Performance to trigger.
Full Talent Values
Samurai who have fallen into banditry.
Kairagi: Fiery Might
They practiced martial arts since they were young, but lost the opportunity to serve the people due to certain reasons and turned from the righteous path. Their blade's edges are not cold like ordinary steel, but instead burn with a bitter flame. They seem to have used paper seals, created from a lost Kamuna art, to set the blades afire.
Slashes at the player three times.
When the blade is infused with Pyro, there is a possibility that the final strike may be substituted for a Spin Attack instead.
Jumps backwards, away from the player.
Infuses its blade with Pyro and performs a ground slam.
This Pyro infusion will last for 30 seconds and will cause all other attacks to be imbued with Pyro as well.
This weapon infusion cannot be neutralised by any Elemental Reactions.
Clenches and raise their fist to taunt their opponents, said taunt is identical to that of the Maguu Kenki.
They will not perform this move if they are in an Avenger state.
When an ally Kairagi dies in battle, the other Kairagi will attempt to avenge their fallen comrade. The Kairagi imbues itself with a fiery-orange aura, as well as infusing its blade with Pyro.
While in this state, the Kairagi is also immune to all stun Skills, including Frozen Elemental reactions and Zhongli's Planet Befall Petrified.
The Kairagi will then gain a 30-second 50% max HP increase (this will also heal the Kairagi if it is under its max HP) and will then enter the Avenger state permanently.
While in this state the Kairagi has increased interruption resistance and will always prioritize infusing their blade if the blade's infusion ends.
Points its blade towards the player and charge towards them once.
Performs a spin attack.
Jumps towards the player location and performs a downwards strike.
In the Avenger state, It is possible for the Kairagi to perform a double slash after this attack.
Enters a stance with its blade held downwards, pointed diagonally, during which it will block player attacks from the direction they're facing.
Clenches its fist towards the player.
Kairagi: Dancing Thunder
They possess highly advanced martial art Skills but found no use for them for various reasons. Out of desperation, they have fallen onto the path of evil. They use paper seals, created from a Kamuna art that has been lost for centuries, to infuse their blades with the power of lightning.
Slashes at the player three times.
When the blade is infused with Electro, there is a possibility that the final strike may be substituted for a Spin Attack instead.
Jumps backwards, away from the player.
Infuses its blade with Electro and performs a ground slam.
This Electro infusion will last for 30 seconds and will cause all other attacks to be imbued with Electro as well.
This weapon infusion cannot be neutralised by any Elemental Reactions.
Clenches and raise their fist to taunt their opponents, said taunt is identical to that of the Maguu Kenki.
They will not perform this move if they are in an Avenger state.
When an ally Kairagi dies in battle, the other Kairagi will attempt to avenge their fallen comrade. The Kairagi imbues itself with a dark-purple aura, as well as infusing its blade with Electro.
While in this state, the Kairagi is also immune to all stun Skills, including Frozen Elemental reactions and Zhongli's Planet Befall Petrified.
The Kairagi will then gain a 30-second 50% max HP increase (this will also heal the Kairagi if it is under its max HP) and will then enter the Avenger state permanently.
While in this state the Kairagi has increased interruption resistance and will always prioritize infusing their blade if the blade's infusion ends.
Points its blade towards the player and charge towards them once.
Performs a spin attack.
Jumps towards the player location and performs a downwards strike.
In the Avenger state, It is possible for the Kairagi to perform a double slash after this attack.
Enters a stance with its blade held downwards, pointed diagonally, during which it will block player attacks from the direction they're facing.
Clenches its fist towards the player.
This move is unique to the Kairagi Electro variant.
New frame data - Google Sheets, &
New Burst frame data Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data - Google Sheets
E (2U), Dash (1U), Infused Normals (1U)
Ayaka's CA does not share ICD with her NA.
E: 3.5m radius circle
Q: Slashes 3.5 meter radius circle & Final explosion 4 meter radius circle
Ayaka + Venti Interactions
Ayaka's infusion is only applied once on cast
Ayaka's Dash follows the standard 3-hit, 2.5s ICD rule.
Normal Attack Mechanics
Ayaka CA Hitscan
Theory: Ayaka's CA have a unique hitscan mechanic and is not technically an AoE attack. If an enemy is visible within range on the single first frame of ayaka's CA, she will create a gadget on said enemy. This gadget has various properties:
First: The gadget will stick to the target, following them even if running outside her range.
Second: After a short delay, all enemies inside the gadget range will be targeted for a hit. (Exact range and height unknown)
Third: The gadget is dynamic in the sense it can move along side with its tagged target.
Fourth: The gadget will only be created if an enemy is within range/ triggers it, meaning Ayaka's CA range without an enemy to tag is much shorter than previously assumed, as only an initial cut is created without the gadget.
Clip showing Ayaka's 1 singular frame at the start of CA
Frame by frame image comparison
Clips showing the Gadget following enemy: 1 2
Clip showing the gadget being spawned at the top of Venti's Burst
Clips showing the gadget being stuck to the initial target as they get pulled by Venti's Burst: 1 2
Clips showing Ayaka's CA range being "extended" due to the gadget (Video lost to the sands of time)
Clip showing Ayaka's CA height having a limit
Clips showing Ayaka's CA having a hitbox without gadget
Significance: Knowing how Ayaka's Charged Attack works can help players come up with strats for specific situations to maximize damage output.
For example, the gadget is smaller than Geovishap's large collision box which means that even though they're standing side by side, they cannot both be hit by Ayaka's CA. However, if the Geovishaps are Frozen while clipped inside one another they can both be hit.
Ayaka CA Conclusion
Ayaka's charged attacks do not necessarily do full damage. After a short delay, all enemies (no known exceptions so far) within (still unknown) range get hit. The enemy detection occurs 3 separate times for each of her 3 slices i.e. it scans for enemies to hit 3 separate times.
Enemies are not guaranteed to take full damage.
Enemies can exit the AoE prematurely and take less damage.
Enemies can enter the AoE late and still take some damage.
The gadget is "dropped" the moment the damage starts, meaning it does not stick to the marked enemy for the entire duration (only sticks till enemies start getting hit) and stays at the position it was last at.
Ayaka's charged attacks are the first to work in a special way, as follows: When Ayaka starts her CA:
First: A hitscan occurs for enemies in a radius around her after the NA is over.
Second: After selecting an enemy (closest target or random?), Ayaka will spawn a gadget that locks onto that enemy and follows them regardless of her normal range.
Third: After a brief period, this gadget will stop following the enemy and do an additional 3 hitscans, one for each hit.
Fourth: A cut with a hitbox will be spawned for each enemy in range of the hitscans. This cut has a hitbox that can hit multiple enemies, but there is an ICD between each cut doing damage to the same enemy. If an enemy leaves the gadget's range while it is still performing the hitscans, the enemy will not be affected by the remaining hitscans. Conversely, the remaining hitscans will affect any enemy that enters the gadget's range even after it has started.
Knowing how Ayaka's Charged Attack works can help players come up with strategies for specific situations to maximize damage output.
For example, the gadget is smaller than the Geovishap's large collision box which means that even if they're standing side by side, they cannot both be hit by Ayaka's CA. However, if the Geovishaps are Frozen while clipped inside one another they can both be hit.
Because the gadget stops following the enemy when it begins its hitscans, it may also be worth waiting for enemies to finish being pulled in by characters such as Venti before using her charged attack. This helps to prevent damage loss by ensuring the hitscans start inside the vortex and not on an enemy that's still being pulled in.
In addition, because enemies can exit the hitscan area early, using her charged attack right as an enemy is about to jump, dash or teleport away can also result in potential damage loss.
Ayakas CA hitscan also has negative vertical reach.
Finding: Apart from being able to reach enemies above Ayakas ground level (due to Ventis lift, or Jeans CA, etc.), Ayakas CA can also reach enemies below her ground level, thanks to the mechanics of her subsequent hitscans from the initial one.
There are timestamps in the comment if you want to skip quicker or instantly replay but the whole video was an attempt at recording this.
Its important to note that only the subsequent slashes have this property. If the initial hit does not register onto an enemy, the following slashes will simply appear at around the same vertical height Ayaka used to be right before the animation of the subsequent slashes start. As seen here (provided by) when she falls down, a few of the secondary slashes hit:
Overworld fluff: Being lifted by Albedos elevator may not be as devastating, if you decide to pair them up. One of these scenarios can happen:
a) N1 spawns hitscan, locked on, Albedo suddenly lifts, initial slash still hit (prolly in the head or sth), subsequent hitscans spawn around the first slash as the current CA gadget theory suggests, everything else still gets hit by the CA. No video evidence on this currently.
b) Ayaka is already lifted, Ventis ult is right in front, but theres exactly one enemy right on the ground that cant be picked up. The height range is definitely shorter than the cliff so its guaranteed to hit.
These evidence suggests that the subsequent (or secondary) hitscans cover a larger AoE compared to the initial scan (check torch). If someone else can properly investigate the AoE width of the subsequent hitscans, itd be much appreciated.
Energy Generation: 4~5 (1:1) particles per E and
Ayaka's E has a vertical hitbox that can reach a Ruin Guard's weakpoint.
Ayaka's Burst is 20 ticks of damage
19 ticks of Cutting DMG
which follow standard ICD rules
which apply 1U Cryo
And 1 tick of Bloom DMG at the end
Ayaka's Burst snapshots.
Ayaka's Burst stays in place against...
The vertical hitbox is tall enough to hit Oceanid Birds
Ayaka Q Pushes Away Enemies
Upon cast, Ayaka Q pushes away all nearby enemies. It appears through several tests (see video), that the extent to which enemies are pushed away are dependent upon their weight and/or their size. Light/small enemies are pushed away the most, and heavy/big enemies are pushed away the least (relative to the size of their overall hitbox). There also appear to be some instances where enemies are not pushed away at all (see the last clip), which I believe can occur when enemies are stuck within an animation.
Two additional notes about the pushing effect:
The distance of the pushing effect appears to be lessened if the enemies are pushed against the wall (see the first clip), so you can stand a little ways away from the wall so small enemies aren't pushed as far.
The pushing effect occurs equally in all directions away from Ayaka's character model, so you really don't want to stand in the middle of a pack of enemies while casting her Q. Repositioning to one side is generally a better idea.
Better understanding of Ayaka Q's mechanics to land more hits from her Burst.
C2: Blizzard Blade Seki no To
The two additional Frostflake Seki no To formed can hit the same target.
The additional whirls share ICD with the main one.
C6: Dance of Suigetsu
C6 is additive
Ayaka Dash Iframe
Alternative dash and typical dash have very similar if not exact same i-frame mechanics.
Alt and typical sprint i-frame mechanics are extremely similar, many people likely thought that alt dash i-frames were shorter than before due to alt dash animation changes in 2.0
Daughter of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan. Dignified and elegant, as well as wise and strong.
Ayaka Written Guide
7 Minute Video Guide to Ayaka
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Ayaka's charged attacks are the first to work in a special way, as follows: When Ayaka starts her CA:
A hitscan occurs for enemies in a radius around her after the NA is over.
After selecting an enemy (closest target or random?), Ayaka will spawn a gadget that locks onto that enemy and follows them regardless of her normal range.
After a brief period, this gadget will stop following the enemy and do an additional 3 hitscans, one for each hit.
A cut with a hitbox will be spawned for each enemy in range of the hitscans. This cut has a hitbox that can hit multiple enemies, but there is an ICD between each cut doing damage to the same enemy. If an enemy leaves the gadget's range while it is still performing the hitscans, the enemy will not be affected by the remaining hitscans. Conversely, the remaining hitscans will affect any enemy that enters the gadget's range even after it has started.
Ayaka's charged attack ICDs are separate from her normal attack.
Apart from being able to reach enemies above Ayakas ground level (due to Ventis lift, or Jeans CA, etc.), Ayakas Charged Attacks can also reach enemies below her ground level.
1U Cryo is applied when Ayaka exits from her sprint.
This infusion causes Ayaka's attacks to apply 1U Cryo
Her Alternate Sprint has the same i-frames as other characters' normal sprint.
The whirl generated will stay in place for large enemies and Frozen enemies
Frostflake Seki no To pushes away all nearby enemies. The extent to which enemies are pushed away depends on their weights & size.
Kamisato Art: Soumetsu deals 20 ticks of damage
19 ticks of Cutting DMG and 1 final tick of Bloom DMG
All three Frostflake Seki no To (one from Burst and the two from C2) can hit the same target.
The additional Frostflake Seki no To share ICD with the main storm.
This effect is additive with other sources of DMG%.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Burst frame data Google Sheets
E converted NA: 1U - Video
E explosion: 1U - Video
Q: 1U - Video
CA: None, and not shared with NA - Video
E: Standard - Video
E converted NA: Dynamic - Video
Q: Snapshots very late into the animation - Video 1 / Video 2 /
Particle generation: 1-2 (1:1) - Sheet
Ayato's Shunsuiken attacks are able to hit enemies inside Venti's Burst. - Video
Ayato's Shunsuiken attacks don't hit units below his ground level. - Video
Ayato E allows him to escape Mirror Maiden's cage. - Video
Ayato's Shunsuiken attacks share ICD with his regular Normal Attacks. - Video
It's possible to cancel Shunsuiken attacks' recovery time by dashing then cancel the dashes with objects. - Video 1 / Video 2
Ayato's Burst consumes Energy pretty early after cast and can gain Energy from pre-fed Particles during Burst animation. - Video
C1: Kyouka Fuushi
C1 benefits both his base Shunsuiken scaling and the HP scaling Namisen additive buff portion of his attacks. - Video, sheet - jamberry
C6: Boundless Origin
Ayato's C6 is considered Normal Attack damage. - Video
Ayato's C6 applies 1U Hydro and does not share ICD with Normal Attacks during Elemental Skill. - Video 1 / Video 2
Ayato's C6 does not have ICD. - Videos
The young but highly accomplished head of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan. Cultured and polite, he is a man of many ways and means.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Shunsuiken Attacks can hit enemies inside of Venti's Wind's Grand Ode.
Shunsuiken Attacks do not snapshot.
Kamisato Art: Suiyuu is similar to Ganyu's Celestial Shower (tracking and mechanic-wise with one less, so hit-miss-miss-miss against one enemy) but slower.
Bloomwater Blades drop once every 30 frames, with a theoretical maximum of 36 drops per Q cast.
The Normal Attack SPD increase persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
The extra Shunsuiken strikes are considered Normal Attack damage.
The extra Shunsuiken strikes do not have ICD.
Full Talent Values
Frame Counts: YouTube , Google Docs - @kolibri..
ICD - @emmaus :
Skill, Burst - No ICD - YouTube
Normal Attacks - 3 hits/2.5s - YouTube
Gauges - YouTube - @emmaus :
Converted NA - 1U
Skill - 1U
Burst - 1U
Kaveh Skill generates 2 particles on hit. - YouTube - @emmaus
A1: An Architect's Undertaking
Kaveh Self Heal triggers on the same frame dendro Bloom DMG is registered. The difference between the DMG and heal is applied to Kaveh. - YouTube - @emmaus
Kaveh Self heal only occurs if he takes a hit from Bloom, whether shielded or not. He doesn't heal if he dodges the Bloom. Burst i-frames do not prevent healing. - Video with dodging , Video with shield - @emmaus
C4: Feast of Apadana
Kaveh's C4 only applies to dendro cores that were created by him. - YouTube - @ren718.exe
A renowned architect from Sumeru who perhaps cares a bit too much about too many things. He is an aesthete troubled by reality.
Kaveh Mains Discord
Full Kaveh Written Guide
# Minute Video Guide to Kaveh
Kaveh Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Kaveh Self Heal triggers on the same frame dendro Bloom DMG is registered. The difference between the DMG and heal is applied to Kaveh.
Kaveh Self heal only occurs if he takes a hit from Bloom, whether shielded or not. He doesn't heal if he dodges the Bloom. Burst i-frames do not prevent healing.
Kaveh's C4 only applies to dendro cores that were created by him.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
E cast: 1U - YouTube
E recast: 2U - YouTube
Keqing N4 has no i-frame
Keqing's N4 doesn't actually give i-frames or makes her invulnerable when she's invisible. Her model automatically goes to the ground (presumably crouching while invisible) after disappearing. Her disappearance also makes accompanying visuals and companions (like a Seelie) disappear with her. This includes shields, buff visuals and even her own shadow.
YouTube: Classic Ruin Guard dodge
YouTube: Keq taking damage during N4
YouTube: Keq freezing while invisible
YouTube: Keq N4 ft. Seelie, shadow, shield, buffs
Clearing an old misconception. Explaining the N4 behavior.
Keqing Dragonstrike after E
It is possible for Keqing to perform a Dragonstrike from her second cast of her E, Stellar Restoration.
Not Particularly significant, but it is an interesting tech that can lead to satisfying combos if executed right.
Hurling The Stiletto Does Not Generate Particles
Keqing's Elemental Skill is comprised of the hurling a Lightning Stiletto and the accompanying action she does (if any) after hurling it. The act of hurling the Stiletto places a Mark on the spot hit, but does not generate any Particle.
Keqing can generate Particles from her Elemental Skill if she uses:
Stellar Restoration (E) again, therefore teleporting to the location of the Mark and performing a slash attack
Or a Charged Attack (CA) to ignite a series of thundering cuts at the Mark's location.
Both of these actions produce Particles at Keqing's location, rather than the target location.
YouTube: Just Keqing spamming E.
Her Particle generation is locked behind the second parts of her Skill. Either action can produce Particles. If she fails to use E or CA before the Mark expires, she will not generate any Particle from her Skill.
Aiming and releasing E too fast can transform it into a Press E effect
Aiming and releasing Keqing's E too fast can transform it into a tap E effect. Against no enemy, using tap E places the Mark directly in front of her. Hold/aimed E usually teleports Keqing mid-air in the aimed direction when used, but not in this case. The Mark is placed on the ground, where tap E usually would place it, rather than above ground.
If there is an enemy nearby, the Mark is autotargeted toward the enemy, rather than at the aimed direction.
This is relevant in situations where inputs are usually fast-paced, like in combat. It's recommended to not release hold E too fast if you want the Mark to actually reach the designated area. A relevant example is if you want to force a high plunge attack to trigger an enemy pattern/attack.
Stellar Restoration duration
Keqing's E, Stellar Restoration, hurls a Lightning Stiletto that places a Stiletto Mark on a spot. This Stiletto Mark allows her to recast E to blink, or to use CA to make it ignite a series of thundering cuts at the Mark's location. The Stiletto Mark lasts about 5s before being cleared.
The image shows that it's on 2.4s cd, meaning the mark has been on the air for about [7.5s Skill cd - 2.4s from the image =] 5.1s. This methodology can be refined by people with better recording software, but the Mark should generally last ~5s.
This matters because it can be possible to start with Keqing E in a rotation, have enough time to swap to other characters, and then swap back to Keqing to perform E or CA. Also allows other plays that need the extra time on the Mark.
Stellar Restoration Snapshot Mechanics
Keqing's E, Stellar Restoration, has different snapshot mechanics based on usage. Its damage is dealt in two parts: E1 and activation. After using E1, activation happens via E2 which procs Slashing DMG and C1 (Thundering Might), or via CA which only procs Thunderclap Slash DMG.
Both the Slashing DMG from E2 and the Thundering Might DMG do not snapshot from E1. They are dynamic. However, Thunderclap Slash DMG snapshots from E1 cast, and does not benefit from snapshot-related buffs after casting E1.
Slashing DMG + Thundering Might DMG
E1 DMG = 2803
C1 DMG = 1636 (2)
E2 DMG = 9346
Keqing E1 - Sara E - Keqing E2
E1 DMG = 2803
C1 DMG = 2005 (2)
E2 DMG = 11457
Sara buff active - Keqing E1 - Sara buff expires - Keqing E2
E1 DMG = 3437
C1 DMG = 1636 (2)
E2 DMG = 9346
Thunderclap Slash DMG
E1 DMG = 2803
Thunderclap Slash DMG = 4673 (2)
Keqing E1 - Sara E - Keqing CA
E1 DMG = 2803
Thunderclap Slash DMG = 4673 (2)
Sara E - Keqing E1 - Sara buff expires - Keqing CA
E1 DMG = 3437
Thunderclap Slash DMG = 5728 (2)
This matters for rotation crafting. Better understanding of Keqing's kit.
Electro infusion can expire while plunging
Keqing's E, Stellar Restoration, infuses her Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks and Plunge Attacks with Electro. However, it is possible for the Electro infusion to expire while plunging, resulting in a Physical Plunge Attack despite showing Electro visuals on the way down. The landing effects are also Physical/uninfused instead of Electro.
Not particularly significant in combat, but it is worth noting that this can happen.
Keqing 360 no scope
Keqing's E, Stellar Restoration, can be held to manually aim the direction of the Lightning Mark. Releasing E and spinning the camera makes Keqing spin in place, away from the direction of the Mark.
It is also possible to send the Mark in another direction by rapidly spinning the camera after releasing E.
Some technical stuff. Kinda poggers.
Keqing Stiletto Teleport Distances
Keqing's Stiletto is thrown just under 3.5 tiles away horizontally, for both Press and Hold.
Aiming vertically does not appear to change how far horizontally the Stiletto travels.
Short Hold can aim the Stiletto horizontally, this retains the properties of Press Skill.
Press Skill attempts to stick the Stiletto to the floor if the slope is not too great.
The Stiletto can be placed through some surfaces sometimes.
Hold Skill teleports just under 3 tiles (~2.8?).
Horizontal range is independent of vertical travel distance, however vertical range is dependent on the horizontal distance travelled.
Press Skill teleports about 6 tiles maximum.
Press Skill keeps Keqing on the ground.
Hold Skill results in a slight fall after the teleport, even if aimed at the ground.
YouTube (Skill throws)
YouTube (Skill teleports)
YouTube (short Hold interactions)
Press/short Hold Skill is likely better for most gameplay scenarios.
Better understanding of Keqing Skill mechanics.
Starward Sword can be Burst-cancelled
Keqing's Q, Starward Sword, can be Burst-cancelled. This means that it is possible to interrupt Keqing before the Burst can actually go through, and doing so can trigger special effects associated with Burst activation, such as her Ascension 4 Passive that gives CRIT Rate and ER.
Burst cancelling Keqing like this does not actually use up her Energy, put the Burst on cooldown, nor does it deal damage. However, it can potentially lock Keqing in place momentarily, where attempted movement can result to rapid spinning.
Very poggers. Free Burst!
A4: Aristocratic Dignity
A4 CRIT Rate and ER Buff Duration
Keqing's CRIT Rate and ER buff duration from A4 includes Burst animation time.
Stats page on Burst cast, and 8 seconds after cast
Buff duration ends around 5 seconds after Burst animation.
Keqing's A4 is often misunderstood because the buff duration starts at the beginning of her Burst animation, and therefore only lasts 5 seconds after as her Burst animation is 3 seconds long.
C1: Thundering Might
Keqing C1s Double Damage (Inconsistent)
We are having inconsistent findings of whether or not the C1 damage applies twice if cast at point-blank range. This inconsistency could be due to varying mob sizes. See the evidence below.
Colas Findings: Against Treasure Hoarders, only 3 damage numbers occur: from the stilleto (E1), the blink damage (C1) and the AoE slash attack (E2). Thus C1 only damaged the enemy once. YouTube
ZANTO's Findings: Due to hitboxes, tests were conducted on both Bosses and Mobs. Delayed E2 tests were done to ensure the E1 damage was not being confused with C1 damage. Even with instant recasting of E2, 4 damage numbers are shown as expected, working on small mobs as well. imgur
Rhysers Findings: Confirmed ZANTOs Findings. YouTube
Keqing's C1 damage CAN be applied twice to the same enemy, provided that the Blink and Stiletto location of E2 are relatively the same. C1 does have a small hitbox, but will generally get 2 hits against a point blank target that your Stiletto is on top of.
In perfect conditions, C1 essentially adds 100% damage to her E2, which can be beneficial for Electro Builds.
Keqing C1 damage
Keqings C1 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Testing done by
Damage is consistent with and without 4HoD, 2gambler, and 2NO bonuses - Video
Damage calculations for Keqing.
Keqing C1 proc order
Keqing's C1, Thundering Might, procs before the second part of E, Stellar Restoration. Basically, the damage goes like:
E1 - C1start - C1terminus - E2
YouTube: Check the last hilichurl. There's also a final clip in the video that can be paused to check which damage numbers pop up.
This means that it is possible for Keqing to hit up to 3 times before hitting E2, which is relevant because it is E2 that generates Energy. If a target dies before E2, then no Energy is generated. The ordering can potentially affect calcs or something similar, maybe even for future characters that only buff certain amount of hits.
C2: Keen Extraction
Keqing C2 Procs Inconsistently
This has been fixed as of version 3.3. Evidence by.
Fixes an issue whereby when Keqing used Normal Attacks consecutively on enemies affected by the Electro element, her Lv.2 Constellation's effects would be triggered at an abnormal interval.
Keqing's C2 procs inconsistently.
20 trials of Keqing hitting Ruin Guard: YouTube
Sample video of how hit counting was done: YouTube
Table showing when C2 procs were observed: Imgur
Hypothesis on how C2 currently works by:
Even when Keqing's C2 has generated a Particle within the last 5 seconds, any subsequent NA/CA hit on an Electro-aura enemy has a 50% chance to reset the cooldown back to 5 seconds by reapplying the same modifier that was used to generate the Particle.
Calculating Keqing Energy needs with C2 in mind is hard to do with its inconsistent nature.
Keqing Pale Flame Set Bonus
Keqing triggering the second hit of her E with a charged attack will add a stack for Pale Flame's set bonus.
Significance: Pale Flame BiS for phys Keqing, 2BSC 2Glad dead. Also, pale flame stacks are gained when Elemental Skill damage is dealt.
Frame by Frame Analysis of Keqing's Attack Combos
Recording: Done at 60fps confirmed using Fraps
Command Input: Assisted by Logitech Gaming Software 9.02 to make sure there's no delay between attack inputs
Key Frames during each attack were identified and used to line up the different attack strings (YouTube). The points at which the recordings diverged were marked and identified as the beginnings and ends of each attack. Some of which were quite noticeable due to the animation snapping from one frame to another.
It can be noted that a 1-2 Frame discrepancy has been observed, however it doesn't seem related to the point in which the Charged Attack is inserted into the string as the Charged Attack frames are observed to be consistent at 46 frames.
N1C -> N5 without Directional Input = 63 Frames before N5 Started
N1C -> N5 WITH Directional Input = 59 Frames before N5 Started
Damage Values based on Talent Level 7 Yunlai Swordsmanship
N1C N5 YouTube
N2C N5 YouTube
N3C N5 YouTube
N4C N5 YouTube
The N1C Combo comes out as the most efficient and should be used where possible. Use of the other combos will likely be on a case to case basis such as for Stamina Management or versus opponents that get knocked back which may lead to a DPS loss.
It can be noted that weaving in the Charged Attack later in the string does result in an increasing loss of damage per frame the further along you do it. Particular note to take is that the N5 String (not using Charged Attack At All) is almost two times weaker than the N1C.
Regardless of where the Charged Attack is used 46 Frame Execution appeared consistent so it doesn't seem possible to buffer the charged attack during parts of the string that might have longer durations. This will need to be confirmed through testing on another character likely one with slower frames.
To provide Frame Data for others to use for whatever their reasons.
For DPS min maxing, as well as potentially noting where during Keqing's normal combo might be best to throw in Elemental Skills/Bursts or Switching off to another character.
It is however to be considered that this may not be relevant for all Team Compositions as playstyle will differ.
240 Max Stam:
N1C : 9 Rotations
N2C : 9 Rotations ( Stamina Bar doesn't start coming back up at all )
N3C : 15 Rotations
N4C : Near enough infinite, you lose stamina over time but it's so slow there's really no point finding out how many you'll get because whatever you're fighting should be dead.
User Submission Update (2020-12-15)
Starward Swordis always a DPS gain for Electro Keqing as it matches her strongest string (N1C). For Physical Keqing however, versus a single-target it may depend, however versus multiple it's definitely worth doing.
Blinking with Stellar Restorationdoes less damage than doing an E->N1C, so the only time you might consider it for Physical Keqing is as a gap closer however the DPS loss of no longer getting Phys bonuses may not be worth it. For Electro Keqing as it enables Normal and Charge attacks to be converted to Electro this is a no brainer.
Evidence and Methodology:
By use of the graying of the character bench, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst as keyframes, total frames and MV/s are calculated.
All Talent % Taken at T6
Keqing's Starward Sword:
655.8% Talent DMG
Stellar Restoration Throw:
34-35 Frames (Measured until the Blink became available)
Stellar Restoration Blink
306.6% Talent DMG
219 - 221.16 MV/s
Stellar Restoration Blink AT C1 with only 1 extra instance of damage
356.6% Talent DMG
254.71 -257.78 MV/s
Stellar Restoration Blink AT C1 with both extra instances of damage
Stellar Restoration N1C (Frame Perfect)
306.6% Talent DMG+ 296.25% (N1C)
When comparing 4N1C to Q, 4N1C has superior DPS against a singular opponent, whereas Q has superior DPS against multiple opponents. The reason why these 2 combos are compared is because they take up nearly the same number of frames.
Therefore, AutoKeq should level Q and autoattacks (Yunlai Swordsmanship) together and leave E at level 6.
The above state comparing 4N1C to Q should apply even if Q does not get the physdmg% bonuses that 4N1C does.
In exchange, Q gives i-frame, stamina regen time, 15% CRIT Rate, a slightly higher MV/s than 4N1C, and AoE damage
Therefore, ElectroQueen should level Q and autoattacks together and leave E at level 6
As you can see, even when C1 extra damage instances to Stellar Restoration Blink is accounted for, the MV/s is similar to 4N1C and actually worse if you only get 1 out of 2 instances (this happens quite often due to bugged hitboxes).
E motion values do not scale well even with C1. Leave it at level 6
The Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Keqing has much to say about Rex Lapis's unilateral approach to policymaking in Liyue but in truth, gods admire skeptics such as her quite a lot.
Keqing Mains Discord
Full Keqing Written Guide
8 Minute Video Guide to Keqing
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Keqing's N1C is her highest damage combo but is stamina hungry.
N4C is a comparable damage combo that is less stamina intensive.
Keqing's N4 does not give i-frame.
When blinking to a Stiletto Mark that was thrown from a Holding cast, Keqing can move across obstructions and glide or initiate a plunge attack.
Keqing's second Stellar Restoration cast is buffered during her dash.
Keqing can gain 2 stacks of 4-Piece Pale Flame in one cast of Stellar Restoration by dropping a Stilleto Mark on a enemy and performing a Charged Attack.
It is possible for Keqing to perform a Dragonstrike from the second cast of her E, Stellar Restoration.
Aiming and releasing Lightning Stiletto too fast can ignore your targeting and transform it into a Press effect instead.
Stellar Restoration has different snapshot mechanics based on usage.
It is possible for the Electro infusion to expire while Plunging, resulting in a Physical Plunge Attack despite showing Electro visuals on the way down.
It is possible to send the Stiletto Mark in another direction by rapidly spinning the camera after aiming and releasing E.
The Stiletto throw and Keqing's teleport distance have the following values (for more information, click here):
Keqing's stiletto is thrown just under 3.5 tiles away horizontally, for both press and hold.
Hold Skill teleports Keqing just under 3 tiles.
Press Skill teleports Keqing about 6 tiles maximum.
Keqing exits her Starward Sword before the last slash and can swap or attack.
It is possible to interrupt Starward Sword before the Burst can actually go through.
Doing so can still trigger the Burst's effects, such as her Ascension 4 Passive that gives CRIT Rate and ER.
Burst cancelling like this does not actually use up her Energy, or put the Burst on cooldown, nor does it deal damage.
However, it can potentially lock Keqing in place momentarily, where attempted movement can result in rapid spinning.
Keqing's Burst has 222 idle i-frames (3.7s).
Keqing's Electro Infusion can be overwritten other infusion effects (Chongyun Chonghua Field and Bennett Inspiration Field C6).
Keqing receives these buffs the moment she casts Starward Sword.
The timer for the duration of these buffs also begins on Starward Sword cast.
An enemy can be hit twice by the Thundering Might AoE if Stellar Restoration is recast at point blank range. However, it can be inconsistent on smaller enemies since the AoE is small.
C1's Damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Thundering Might procs before the second part of Stellar Restoration. Example: E1 - C1 Start - C1 Terminus - E2.
The ICD of C1 is shared with the second part of Stellar Restoration.
Full Talent Values
Frame data: YouTube , Google Docs - @kolibri..
Snapshot - YouTube - @milktearomance
Meow-teor Kick's Urgent Neko Parcel snapshots
Snapshot from Urgent Neko Parcel does not apply to Flipclaw Strike
Secret Art: Surprise Dispatch snapshots, including the Cat Grass Cardamom Explosions
Lv 90 Kirara; Lv 90 Mistsplitter; Lv 9 Skill/Burst; No artifacts
Stats: [ATK: 897] [HP: 15103]
Abyss F11 Dendro DMG buff: 75% , Mitachurl Lv 88, 10% RES
One Mistsplitter stack applied with Hydro NA, then Hold E used within 5s. Crash damage consistent beyond stack expiration.
Video: Crash dmg: 466 | 897 57.10% (1 + 12% + 6% + 75% + 8%) 0.5 0.9 466
One Mistsplitter stack expires after 5s, before executing Flipclaw Strike
Video: Flipclaw dmg: 1918 | 897 244.80% (1 + 12% + 6% + 75%) 0.5 0.9 1917
In formula: 8% DMG buff removed since Mistsplitter stack is lost
Three Mistsplitter stacks applied with Hydro NA and Burst. Cardamom damage consistent beyond NA stack expiration.
Video: Burst dmg: 8639 | 897 969.40% (1 + 12% + 4.5% + 75% + 28%) 0.5 0.9 8634
Video: Cardamom dmg: 539 | 897 60.6% (1 + 12% + 4.5% + 75% + 28%) 0.5 0.9 539
ICD - YouTube - @milktearomance
Urgent Neko Parcel and Flipclaw Strike have separate ICD
Urgent Neko Parcel hits up to 19 times; and has standard ICD, applying Dendro up to 8 times (not including Flipclaw Strike)
Particles - YouTube - @milktearomance
Tail-Flicking Flying Kick = 3 particles
Urgent Neko Parcel = 1 particle when crashing into enemy, with 4s cooldown; can create up to 3 particles when held for the full duration
Flipclaw Strike = 3 particles
Kirara can execute a plunge attack while jumping from Urgent Neko Parcel form. To replicate, simply jump and then spam the glide button to go into glide for a plunge attack. - YouTube - @miaolong
As her skill description suggests, Kirara can only deal DMG to monsters during Urgent Neko Parcel state by "crashing" into them, this means she needs to walk/run to deal DMG. - YouTube - @daibangden
Kirara's Box has an external size of of 67 cm x 51 cm x 58 cm, for a volume of 198186 cm or 0.198 m or 198 L or 52 Gallons. - Imgur - @rarepossum
During Urgent Neko Parcel state, movement speed buffs do not increase Kirara's movement speed, Cryo debuff does decrease Kirara's movement speed. - YouTube - @daibangden
Kirara does not regenerate Stamina during Urgent Neko Parcel state. - YouTube - @soulfish
Urgent Neko Parcel's ground movement is affected by walking mode. - YouTube - @milktearomance
Cat Grass Cardamoms created by Kirara's elemental burst can hold Cryo and Hydro aura under some specific conditions, they can act as targets for Electro-Charged but do not hold Electro aura. - Video with Cryo Aura , Video with Hydro Aura , Video with EC - @daibangden
C4: Steed of Skanda
Kirara C4 has range limit of about 6 abyss tiles. - YouTube - @mgr
The range distance is assigned when the attack hits. - YouTube - @mgr
A courier for Komaniya Express, a delivery company in Inazuma. A nekomata who loves her job and human society.
Kirara Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Every 0.5s from the start of Urgent Neko Parcel state, Kirara's skill cooldown increases by 0.2s.
Kirara can execute a plunge attack while jumping from Urgent Neko Parcel form. To replicate, simply jump and then spam the glide button to go into glide for a plunge attack.
As her skill description suggests, Kirara can only deal DMG to monsters during Urgent Neko Parcel state by "crashing" into them, this means she needs to walk/run to deal DMG.
Kirara's Box has an external size of of 67 cm x 51 cm x 58 cm, for a volume of 198186 cm cm<sup>3</sup>or 0.198 m or 198 L or 52 Gallons.
During Urgent Neko Parcel state, movement speed buffs do not increase Kirara's movement speed, Cryo debuff does decrease Kirara's movement speed.
Kirara does not regenerate Stamina during Urgent Neko Parcel state.
Urgent Neko Parcel's ground movement is affected by walking mode.
Cat Grass Cardamoms created by Kirara's elemental burst can hold Cryo and Hydro aura under some specific conditions, they can act as targets for Electro-Charged but do not hold Electro aura.
Kirara C4 has range limit of about 6 abyss tiles.
The range distance is assigned when the attack hits.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Klee Mine ICD
This is an independent verification of @Steph's findings, that Klee's mines that normally have separate ICD's have trouble applying their Pyro application (for the purpose of breaking Elemental shields) if they detonate on an enemy too quickly i.e. on the same frame.
I detonated all 8 of Klee's mines into a Hydro abyss mage using Anemo MC's Burst. Then I measured how many U's worth of shield was damaged by counting pixels. Note it takes 24U of Pyro to completely break a Hydro abyss mage's shield.
1st Attempt: YouTube note: the Anemo also damages the shield. I will make note if it did this. Here it didn't. Frame 1 is always one frame before the first bomb reaches & deals DMG to the abyss mage. on Frame 5 it dealt 2U's worth of Pyro damage. Total only 5U of shield damage.
2nd Attempt: YouTube 1U of DMG on frame 2, 2U's worth on frame 4 and 6. Totalling 5U from bombs.
3rd Attempt: YouTube Anemo dealt 1U before the bombs reached. 1U on frame 2. 2U on frame 4. 1U on frame 8. Totalling only 4U from bombs.
If too many mines hit the mage in too short a span you waste the mines' ICDs. Also I could not observe a larger hit to the abyss mage's shield than 2U in one frame.
Only a maximum of 2U worth of shield DMG possible in one frame? (inconclusive)
Klee can break Hydro abyss shields faster by abusing the fact that her mines are on separate ICD's so long as you have a way to gather them. However Anemo MC's Burst is not the best way for this because the bombs detonate on the mage at the same time, wasting U's. (you waste 3 to 4 mines worth of DMG). You are better off holding E as steph suggests. Same with Jean don't tap E, hold E so that the mines gather onto the mage (also credit Steph).
Klee Mines ICD Update
Editor's Note: The findings below expands on the findings above, this finding does not invalidate the above entry, but rather investigates a similarly related mechanic.
Klee's jumpty dumpty's split mines shares an ICD on Pyro application with her normal attacks.
Evidence: Frame counting was done on 2 separate conditions
Condition 1: Throw Klee's jumpty dumpty down, lure Cryo Abyss Mage in, then use Jean's E to gather all 8 bombs into the shield
Condition 2: Throw Klee's jumpty dumpty down, lure Cryo Abyss Mage in, having 1 split mine to blow off onto the shield, then do a N1 onto the shield.
On both conditions, the very first frame is the frame where the first Melt reaction occurs with Klee's split mine
In condition 1, the following data were collected
Mine 1: frame 1, reaction occurs
Mine 2: frame 59, no reaction occurs
Mine 3: frame 71, no reaction occurs
Mine 4: frame 80, reaction occurs
Mine 5: frame 86, no reaction occurs
Mine 6: frame 94, no reaction occurs
Mine 7: frame 98, reaction occurs
Mine 8: frame 128, no reaction occurs
In condition 2, the N1 attack connects 72 frames after the first split mine connect and no reaction occurs.
Both of these conditions lines up with the current ICD theory.
Klee's jumpty dumpty's split mine might steal some reactions away from Klee's normal string by activating the timer and hit count before normal string lands, or it might also allow Klee to do more reaction using her normal strings by advancing the counter number.
Klee Skill Gauge
Finding: Tcl entry for klee's jumpty dumpty might have the wrong bounce gu entry, which is currently in at 2b. Bounces are not all the same.
1st bounce = 1u 2nd bounce = 1u 3rd bounce = 2u
first bounce test = chongyun only melts 2 swords YouTube
second bounce test = chongyun only melts 2 swords YouTube
final bounce = grass sets on fire YouTube
Significance: Updated tcl
Klee Interaction with Skill Related Passives When Doing Skill Burst Cancel
Klee can use her Q (Burst) to cancel E (Skill) after cast but before cooldown timer begins, but cannot dash/jump cancel her E before cooldown begins.
Klee can activate 3 stacks of Kagura's Verity by animation cancelling her E with Q to gain 1 stack, and 2 stacks after. - YouTube
Klee can activate the passive of 4pcs Heart of Depth without the Skill cooldown being activated. - YouTube
Klee can activate the passive of 4pcs Shimenawa's Reminiscence and being able to cast Q before the Energy drain occurs, indicating that the EQ cancel can be done below 7 frames. - YouTube
This can allow klee to utilize sets such as 4 Crimson Witch and 4 Shimenawa's Reminiscence and weapons like Kagura's Verity more effectively, can help in rotationcrafting and can be considered in calcs relating to these specific sets/weapons.
This tech will be useful for anybody that uses klee, since E wont go into cooldown and it wont extend rotations by a significant amount, basically it wont hurt to do it, there are only gains.
Klees Q is snapshotted on Cast
Klee's Burst (Q) is snapshotted.
You can leave Bennett Q after using Klee Burst and you also keep other ATK% buffs that were enabled before Klee Burst.
Klee Burst Waves Mechanics
Finding: Klee's Burst has 6 waves, and on each wave, there is a 35% chance for 3 hits to occur, 50% chance for 4 hits to occur, and 15% chance for 5 hits to occur.
youtube video of 6 waves occurring: YouTube
some data collected that about matches the expected distribution of 35%, 50%, 15%: Google Sheets
Significance: Explanining how Klee's Burst works
Failure to proc Klee's talent 'Pounding Surprise' (Explosive Spark), if she is swapped out immediately after attacking.
Klee's talent 'Pounding Surprise' doesn't proc the 50% chance to spawn the 'Explosive Spark' if she's swapped off-field after Normal Attacking or using her E.
Tested for a few minutes on a world boss, but here's just a short clip.
Should the reverse be true, two grounded walk-cancel AA1s from Klee would allow you to switch characters immediately after the second without any downside. However, as it stands, players looking to maximize the benefit from the talent's Charged Attack buff will want to look for the proc before swapping, bringing two grounded AA1s closer in-line to - AA1 > AA2 > jump cancel combo. As for why you would want to swap characters frequently from Klee in the first place, that would be to set up reactions manually, or refresh Viridescent Venerer 4-Piece effect. A rotation could run something like this:
Klee AAs until Explosive Spark proc;
Swap to Cryo/Hydro unit and wait briefly for Pyro to elapse naturally due to the Swirl shortening its duration before proccing the aura Element;
Klee Charged Attack;
Klee A1 Bug
If Klee gains a spark from her A1 while canceling the NA with a CA, her Stamina still gets consumed.
In this video Klee gains a spark on the second N1 and the CA gets the buff, but the Stamina still gets reduced.
When doing Klee's N1C, you might not benefit from the Stamina reduction passive if the spark is obtained during the animation cancel.
Ascension 1 Mechanics
Regarding the Explosive Spark from Klee's A1:
It lasts up to 30 seconds when it's not consumed.
It stays even when Klee is swapped out.
It can proc when hitting most plants, animals, and objects even if it doesn't "deal DMG".
It can proc on trees, but on most trees if it doesn't proc within 3 hits the tree needs to be hit with a Physical attack in order for it to be able to proc (exceptions are trees that drop Cuihua and Aralia wood).
It procs on Cuihua trees the same way it procs on everything else, there is no 3 hit limit.
It doesn't proc on Aralia trees at all.
Things it procs on: Google Sheets
"Normal" trees: YouTube
Cuihua trees: YouTube
Aralia trees: YouTube
Klee is good at destroying stuff without consuming stamina.
Klee C4 damage
Klees C4 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Testing done by
Damage is consistent with and without 2NO bonus - Video
No further tests were done given that it is highly unlikely that Klees C4 damage is considered NA/CA or Skill damage and given that could find no ability type scaling tags for it in Klees ability configs.
Damage calculations for Klee.
Klee C6 mechanics
Klee C6 does not stack with itself (e.g., casting Burst again during the 25s will not increase the Pyro bonus to +20% total).
Klee C6 does snapshot to her own Burst, unlike Xiangling.
No stack: Imgur
Damage calc for Burst: (stats screen: Imgur) (set bonus 2-Piece proof: Imgur)
(damage screenshot 1277 - Imgur
869 1.588 0.5 0.9 2.681 .768 = 1278.61 (rounding error in game?)
869 = attack
1.588 = damage bonus (ascension + c6 active + noblesse 2-Piece)
0.5 = enemy defense multiplier
0.9 = enemy resist multiplier
2.681 = CRIT
.768 = Burst lvl 10
No value in chain casting Burst shenanigans, and Klee C6 does apply to her own Burst despite some people saying otherwise.
Klee C1 mechanics
Klee's C1, like her Burst, has a (very) small AoE.
Klee's C1 has a 10% chance to spawn, increasing by 8% per failed attempt until it successfully procs. Expected number of attempts before a proc is ~3.92.
Klee's C1 has no ICD for its proc chance, and has 6 different triggers: N1, N2, N3, CA, pressing E, and pressing Q. Self explanatory, but perhaps the only unusual trigger is pressing Q.
When nearby 3+ enemies, Klee's C1 has a rare chance to "misfire" causing it to aim in a strange direction (almost always missing the target) or despawn before it even fires. It seems happens consecutively: once a trigger misfires, the next trigger is likely to despawn.
Klee's C1 appears to have a standard icd for its aura, and is shared with her Burst.
Aoe - Imgur
Proc math & data - Google docs
Misfire example 1 - Imgur
Misfire example 2 - Imgur
C1 proc chance: Has been lost to the sands of time
Pressing Q can proc C1 (and ICD is shared with Burst)- Imgur
C1 standard icd - Imgur, Swirl damage = 911
Better understanding of Klee's C1.
How does 2 set Noblesse Oblige interact with C1 Klee?
Does Noblesse affect Klee's c1 procs.
Yes they do.
2NO + 2 witch might be a viable set for an at least C1 Klee and makes animation cancelling more worth it as it triggers (Klees C1) by AAing and Skills.
Klee 4CW 3 stacks
Spam pressing Klee's E button will trigger 2 stacks of Crimson Witch with one charge of Jumpty Dumpty. Therefore using the second charge within 10s will bring the total CW stacks to 3.
4CW is better than expected for Klee.
Klee Stacking Bug Has Been Fixed
Klee's stacking bug has been fixed in version 2.6, she can no longer get 3 stacks of Kagura's Verity by double tapping either E or 3 stacks of 4-Piece Crimson Witch by spamming E.
Kagura's Verity: only the 2 rows of bells light up, indicating 2 stacks from 2 E casts.
4pc CW: only 15% Pyro DMG Bonus gained, indicating 2 stacks from 2 E casts.
No one knows why they suddenly decided to fix this bug now, it worked from 1.1 to 2.5. This just means that Klee loses some damage when using Kagura or 4-Piece CW in comparison to before.
An explosives expert and a regular at the Knights of Favonius's confinement room. Also known as Fleeing Sunlight.
Klee Mains Discord
In Depth Klee Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Klee's normal and charged attacks have the blunt attribute allowing them to break shields like claymores.
Standard ICD, shared with Elemental Skill
Enemies struck by Klee's charged attack will be staggered or launched.
Splits into 8 mines
Bounce ICD is shared with normals
Each mine has its own ICD on Pyro application however if they explode on the same frame the Pyro application will be inconsistent (max 2A per frame).
Jean, Sucrose and Anemo MC can gather the mines with their vacuum effects, however, Venti cannot do this.
Klee's Jumpty Dumpty's split mines shares an ICD on Pyro application with her Normal Attacks.
Can be cancelled before cooldown by Sparks n&apos; Splash to activate Skill triggered passives for free.
Deals damage in 6 waves over 10 seconds. On each wave, there is a 35% chance for 3 hits to occur, 50% chance for 4 hits to occur, and 15% chance for 5 hits to occur.
ICD is shared with C1.
If Klee leaves the field with this active no more damage will be dealt even if there is duration left.
This snapshots all temporary buffs when cast.
Mines generated by Jumpy Dumpty can generate an Explosive Spark.
Klee can only generate an Explosive Spark every 4 seconds.
Explosive Spark lasts up to 30 seconds when not consumed.
Explosive Spark stays even when Klee has been swapped out.
Explosive Spark can proc when hitting most plants, animals, and objects even if it doesn't "deal DMG".
If an Explosive Spark obtained from a Normal Attack is animation canceled by a Charged Attack, Stamina will still be consumed during the Charged Attack.
This Energy is not affected by ER.
This Energy can proc vs enemy shields.
This is effected by Elemental Burst DMG% from Noblesse Oblige.
Has a very small AoE
Has a 10% chance to spawn, increasing by 8% per failed attempt until it successfully procs.
Has no ICD for its proc chance, and has 6 different triggers: N1, N2, N3, CA, pressing E, and pressing Q.
When nearby 3+ enemies, Klee's C1 has a rare chance to "misfire" causing it to aim in a strange direction (almost always missing the target) or despawn before it even fires.
Klee's C1 appears to have a standard ICD for Elemental application, and is shared with her Burst.
The DEF shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Klees C4 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Blazing Delight does not stack with itself.
Blazing Delight can snapshot Klee's own Elemental Burst.
The Pyro DMG Bonus increase persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Charged Attack, Skill, C2, Burst: 1U
E and C2: No ICD
Burst: Titanbreaker and Stormcluster have separate ICDs for Electro application
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Tengu Juurai: Ambush DMG can proc Sacrificial Bow's passive.
Tengu Stormcall only buffs the on-field character upon Crowfeather Explosion.
Triggering Tengu Juurai: Ambush doesn't require hitting an enemy, just a fully-charged aimed shot.
Tengu Juurai: Ambush DMG is snapshot upon Tengu Stormcall cast.
The attack buff from Tengu Stormcall can be given granted to coop members. and
The hitbox to gain an ATK buff from Tengu Juurai: Ambush is massive vertically.
Demo from above
Demo from below
The damage hitbox of Tengu Juurai: Ambush is different from the hitbox to gain an ATK Buff.
Sara generates 3 Particles upon Tengu Juurai: Ambush hit.
Sara does not have an ICD on Particle generation.
Sara does not lose the effects of Crowfeather Cover if swapped off.
Crowfeather will not stick to walls; it sticks to the closest walkable surface from the point of collision.
Crowfeather does not stick to walls.
vs flying Ruin Hunter (feather falls down)
vs Eagle (feather stays at point of impact)
A fully-charged aim shot fired with Crowfeather Cover will disappear after 2 seconds
Crowfeather explodes 1.5s after landing.
Crowfeather deployed far away
Crowfeather deployed close by
You can escape Mirror Maiden traps with Sara's E, but not ice cages.
Mirror Maiden escape
Ice Cage stuck
Sara's Crowfeather has a "semi-taunt" mechanic, where it draws enemy attention
Imgur: opponents are facing away from Crowfeather, but immediately walk towards it when it lands (even before entering combat mode)
Imgur: does not trigger enemy aggro/combat mode if sara's initial charged shot does not hit an opponent
Imgur: the range from which you can trigger enemy aggro (and enter combat mode) with crowfeather is different from a regular charged shot.
Sara Skill Patch 2.2 Update
After the v2.2 update, Sara's Elemental Skill is much more consistent and predictable in its behaviour now:
The Skill will move her almost 3m away from the point of origin.
Without nearby enemies, it will teleport her backwards. This direction can be controlled with inputs.
If an enemy is within 15m, she will teleport away from them. She teleports away from the closest enemy.
The movement can generally be predicted by "if it can be walked onto/over, she can teleport onto/over it". There are still a few rare issues with geometry, but that shouldn't be an issue in Abyss.
A functional change from how it worked in v2.1 is that her C2 now places the Crowfeather in the direction of the teleport. This will be placed behind her regardless if Sara actually moved or not.
The Crowfeather will be placed 1m behind her.
The Crowfeather will be placed on top of any geometry. It will hang in mid-air if the height of where Sara is and the closest ground is too large.
The AoE of Sara E's buff is a radius of a bit over 6m.
The buff from her Crowfeather can also be extended by hitlag.
C1 works off-field.
Elevation changes are ok unless very drastic, generally if she can walk up a ledge she can teleport over it:
Ledge again, but failed
For walls that she can walk along diagonally, she will also teleport in that direction parallel to the wall
Direction of Skill can be controlled right after Skill cast
Direction cannot be controlled with nearby enemies:
Nearby enemies, in combat
Nearby enemies, no combat
Enemies out of range
Teleport distance is (1.14 tiles) 2.9m
Teleporting away from nearest enemy
Crowfeather buff range:
Crowfeather no buff (~2.4 tiles)
Crowfeather buffs (~2.35 tiles)
With hitlag (around 7s)
Cooldown without C1
Cooldown with C1
Fluff: It is possible to use her Skill in water, even at a depth that she would normally be swimming in. This is because the recovery animation from her Skill stops stops her from swimming. Sadly, this cannot be used to go beneath water. Switching to another character will only cause them to start swimming.
We can actually predict what pressing E will do now.
Crow feather interactions
Sara's ambush is the first 0 damage hit in the game for the purpose of triggering its buff on the player character (also AFAIK the first instance of friendly fire). This is exposing the difference between what Skills care about being hit versus what Skills care about taking damage. One (hard financially cause needs Jean c6) avenue to test this is to try out the 100% damage reduction team
Diluc C2 and Beidou C4 even with shield on. Diluc vids: YouTube, Beidou vids: Imgur
Zhongli A1 talent: Imgur
Serpent Spine: Imgur
Beidou parry: Imgur
The Bell: Imgur
XQ Rain Swords: Imgur
Noelle A1: YouTube
Insights into feather application mechanics (maybe first 0 damage and friendly fire in game?) as well as clarification on what Skills are actually on hit vs. taking damage.
Sara Can Paralyze the Aeonblight Drake With 1 Aimed Shot
Sara can paralyze the Aeonblight Drake with 1 Aimed Shot instead of 2 during Crowfeather Cover (her Skill). It only works when aiming at the lower part of the weak spot on its wing, but it doesn't have to be the core itself, aiming at the wood part also works. The Aimed Shot paralyzes one wing, and the Crowfeather paralyzes the other wing when exploding. Tighnari can also do this, but Ganyu, Yoimiya, Faruzan, and C1 Venti can't.
Other special Aimed Shots that don't work: YouTube (credits to and for some of the clips)
With some practice, this method can save a bit of time when fighting the Aeonblight Drake since casting Sara's Skill is faster than charging up another Aimed Shot (with C2 at least). It allows you to start setting up a rotation while the other wing gets paralyzed and the Aeonblight Drake falls down.
Titanbreaker targets closest enemy, then Stormcluster moves outward in a plus-shape with one branch directed at Saras location at time of cast.
Both Titanbreaker and Stormcluster damage is snapshot on Burst cast.
Sara's Energy drain after Burst cast occurs very late into her animation, meaning she can't be pre-funneled
Keqing EE > Sara Q
Beidou E > Sara Q
Sara's Burst does not benefit from its own attack buff
Videos: #1 | #2 | #3
Sara Burst Mechanics Update
Unlike what was previously documented in the TCL, Sara's Burst can only give her buff to characters that have been hit by the Titanbreaker or Stormclusters. However, multiple characters can be buffed this way.
13 tests with different positioning to demonstrate
Cardinal (both buffed)
Diagonal 1 (only one buffed)
Diagonal 2 (only one buffed)
Diagonal 3 (only one buffed)
Diagonal 4 (only one buffed)
No dash 1 (only one buffed)
No dash 2 (only one buffed)
Mid-distance (double buff)
E distance 1 (double buff)
E distance 2 (double buff)
Raiden setup (double buff)
Long distance (only second swap buffed)
Long distance diagonal (nobody buffed)
Better understanding of how to buff with Sara as well as setup double buffs/skip buffs on Raiden.
Each stormcluster spreads outwards and does 5 hits. At C4, the number of hits of each Stormcluster stays the same, but two additional stormclusters are added, spreading out in the 10:30 and 1:30 directions away from the Titanbreaker hit.
Since c4 Stormclusters spread away from Sara's position, it is not useful for buff setups.
Sara's Stormclusters snapshot stats on Titanbreaker cast, but since the Electro CRIT DMG from C6 is not a snapshot-able stat, the Stormclusters can benefit from it if Sara is hit by her own Titanbreaker/Stormclusters (and gains her own buff).
Sara getting hit by her own Titanbreaker
Sara not getting hit by her own Titanbreaker
Specific mechanics of Sara C6 that can be useful for her personal damage.
Sara Burst Aoe Mechanics
Sara's Burst AoEs with and without C4 are as follows: Imgur
Sara's Burst AoEs with and without C4 look like this: Imgur The orientation of the Stormclusters (follow-up hits) is based on Sara's position when casting her Burst, and one row will always be aiming towards that position. After the Titanbreaker hit (initial hit), Stormclusters usually spawn 6 different times, getting progressively further from the Titanbreaker's position. Without C4, Sara's Burst has a maximum of 25 distinct hits, increasing to 37 with C4. In practical use, the actual amount of times Sara's Stormclusters hit enemies can vary widely based on enemy sizes and shapes, as well as enemy movement and displacement to some extent.
Once, the 6th instance of Stormclusters spawning was observed to not occur. Details and cause are unknown for now.
The weaker Crowfeather from C2 can also trigger this effect.
Decorum Energy Regen
Decorum restores 0.012 flat Energy per 1% of Energy Recharge.
Sara at 116% ER. Zhongli starts with 0 Energy, the Energy he gains from Sara is unnoticeable. There is little to no change in the Burst gauge: YouTube
Sara at 184% ER. Zhongli starts with 0 Energy, The Energy he gains from Sara is slightly more.. There is a noticeable spike in the Burst gauge: YouTube
Number of A4 procs (from Sara E with C2) it would take to completely fill Burst on its own:
180% ER Sara:
40 Energy: 40 / (0.012 x 180) = 18.5 E procs
60 Energy: 60 / (0.012 x 180) = 27.7 E procs
80 Energy: 80 / (0.012 x 180) = 37 E procs
150% ER Sara:
40 Energy: 40 / (0.012 x 150) = 22.2 E procs
60 Energy: 60 / (0.012 x 150) = 33.3 E procs
80 Energy: 80 / (0.012 x 150) = 44.4 E procs
265.3% ER Sara filling Zhongli's Burst in 13 procs: YouTube vid by
40 / (0.012 x 265.3) = 12.6 E procs, so the video confirms the math.
Decorum's wording implies that you need to hit 100% ER increments to restore more Energy, but this is not true. Sara restores Energy directly based on her ER, so for every 1% of ER, you generate 0.012 flat Energy from Decorum.
C2: Dark Wings
The weaker Crowfeather created from C2 can also proc Sacrificial Bow's passive.
Weaker Crowfeather snapshots upon Tengu Stormcall cast.
The weaker Crowfeather formed can trigger the effects of Sara's A4.
Double Buff with Sara C2
Discussion in Basic Mechanics
It's possible to buff 2 different characters, with one Crowfeather from C2 and another from Sara's charged attack without needing to swap back to Sara after charged shot.
Imgur 30 FPS
Imgur 60 FPS
This is possible to perform without cancels but the timing is extremely difficult.
C6: Sin of Pride
The effects of C6 do not get snapshot.
Sara turns to face nearby enemies after casting her Skill.
PC and Controller players can take advantage of this to quickly turn the camera (e.g., with middle mouse button, PS4 R3 button) and CA to place the crowfeather towards the enemy.
Crowfeather doesn't alarm wild animals.
Double Snapshot with Sara's Burst
Discussion in Basic Mechanics
It's possible to have two different characters snapshot Saras Burst ATK buff by following Stormcluster with precise positioning/timing. See evidence below for video of 3 attempts.
This technique is too difficult to pull off consistently to be recommended for normal gameplay purposes. Also, this only worked because I used Fischl/Beidou, who have short animation times here. This is more of an exercise in pushing Saras limits.
It may be easier to pull off double snapshots with C2, or at C0/C1 with a rotation like Sara ECA > Swap to Fischl > Wait for Ambush buff > Fischl E > Burst-Quickswap Sara Q > Swap to Beidou > Wait for Stormcluster buff > Beidou Q
Exact Crowfeather Buff Timing
Tengu Stormcall only buffs the on-field characters the frame before the Crowfeather Explosion.
Exact timing of the Crowfeather buff.
Pre-A4 EMC Skill ER Buff with Sara A4
Pre-A4 EMCs Es Skill ER buff does not affect Saras A4 Passive.
2 trials were conducted with Keqing, Sara, and pre-A4 EMC. Keqing starts at 0 Energy and always stays off-field. Both trials have Sara E + EMC E done 13 times:
Trial 1: Sara takes EMCs E amulets every time before doing Saras E.
Trial 2: Sara does not take any amulets at all.
After 12 procs, the off-field Keqing should have 39.6 Energy. If EMCs ER buff actually affects Saras A4, one of the Keqings with EMC buffed Sara should have 20% 1.2 12 (procs) = 2.88 more extra Energy compared to the non-buffed Sara, and therefore should have her Burst up after 12 procs.
Both Keqings got their Burst after 13 procs, regardless of if Sara was buffed by EMC ER buff or not. This would not happen if the interaction actually worked.
Pre-A4 EMC Skills ER buff doesnt make Saras A4 Passive generate more Energy.
A general of the Tenryou Commission. Bold, decisive, and skilled in battle.
Short Sara Guide
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Tengu Stormcall only buffs the on-field characters the frame before the Crowfeather Explosion, this also applies to coop members.
Triggering Tengu Juurai: Ambush doesn't require hitting an enemy, just a fully-charged aimed shot.
Tengu Juurai: Ambush DMG is snapshot upon Tengu Stormcall cast.
Sara does not lose the effects of Crowfeather Cover if swapped off.
Crowfeather does not stick to walls; it sticks to the closest walkable surface from the point of collision.
A fully-charged aimed shot fired with Crowfeather Cover will disappear after 2 seconds in flight.
Crowfeather triggers Tengu Juurai: Ambush 1.5s after landing.
Crowfeather has a "semi-taunt" mechanic, where it can draw enemy attention even while not in combat mode.
The hitbox to gain an ATK buff from Tengu Juurai: Ambush is massive vertically.
The damage hitbox of Tengu Juurai: Ambush is different from the hitbox to gain an ATK Buff.
Tengu Juurai: Ambush is a unique "friendly fire" attack and can trigger several other characters's perks that require getting hit.
When Sara is near an enemy, Tengu Stormcall will teleport her away from them.
When Sara is not near any enemies, Tengu Stormcall will teleport her backwards. The player can also choose to control the teleport by inputting a direction before the teleport occurs.
Sara can paralyze the Aeonblight Drake with 1 aimed shot during Crowfeather Cover.
The cast frames of Subjugation: Koukou Sendou can be reduced to 60 with a swap cancel.
Titanbreaker and Stormcluster do not share ICDs.
Both Titanbreaker and Stormcluster damage is snapshot on Subjugation: Koukou Sendou cast.
For Sara's ATK Bonus to apply, a character needs to be hit by Titanbreaker or Stormclusters.
Multiple characters can be buffed this way.
Titanbreaker targets closest enemy, then Stormcluster moves outward in a plus-shape with one branch directed at Saras location at time of cast, dealing 5 hits each.
Subjugation: Koukou Sendou does not benefit from its own ATK Bonus.
The AOE of Sara's Burst is as follows: Imgur
The weaker Crowfeather from C2 can also trigger this effect.
The amount of Energy Sara restores with Decorum scales directly with her Energy Recharge. You do not need to hit 100% Energy Recharge increments to restore more Energy.
The Weaker Crowfeather applies 1U Electro and has separate ICD from Tengu Stormcall.
Weaker Crowfeather snapshots upon Tengu Stormcall cast.
The Weaker Crowfeather formed can trigger the effects of Sara's A4.
Each individual Stormcluster still hits 5 times, but two additional Stormclusters are added, spreading out in the 10:30 and 1:30 directions away from the Titanbreaker hit.
The effects of Sin of Pride do not get snapshot.
Stormclusters can benefit from this buff if Sara is hit by her own Titanbreaker or Stormclusters.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
E and Q: 3-hit/2.5s - Video
E initial cast: 1U. - Video
E tick: 1U. - Video
Q: 1U. - Video
C4: 1U - Video
E: Dynamic - Video
Q: Snapshot - Video
Particles - Video
45% generation rate on every E tick.
Skill hitbox extends slightly above the visual effect. - Video
Skill Initial Cast DMG and Tick DMG share the same ICD. - Video
Elemental Burst hits 7 times when above 50% HP. - Video
The number of hits from the Elemental Burst below 50% HP is affected by FPS.
30 FPS - 11 hits - Video
30 FPS - 12 hits - Video
60 FPS - 12 hits - Video
60 FPS - 13 hits - Video
Elemental Burst hitcount at low HP and played at 30 FPS appears to be somewhat RNG. - Google Sheets
Over 30 instances, an average of 11.7 damage ticks per Burst was counted, with each one being either 11 or 12 ticks.
Ping does not play a roll in how many damage ticks the Burst may have. - Google Sheets
A4: Hearts Repose
Kuki Shinobu's A4 Passive healing is additive. - Video
Difference in healing = 144
Predicted additive healing = 0.75 192 = 144
Kuki Shinobu's A4 Passive healing is affected by Healing Bonus. - Video
Using 15% Healing Bonus difference = 166
Predicted Difference: 0.75 192 1.15 = 165.6
C4: To Server Sealing
Elemental Skill and C4 have separate ICD. - Video
C4 damage scales with Elemental Skill Damage. - Video
C4 can generate Particles. - Video
There is no cooldown for Particle generation between Skill and C4. Video
'The capable and reliable Arataki Gang deputy leader. Please note: capable and reliable are not appellations for the "Arataki Gang," but for their deputy leader in specific.'
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
45% chance to generate 1 Particle on hit.
Hitbox extends slightly above the visual effect.
Initial cast and tick damage share the same ICD
Hits 7 times when above 50% HP and 11-13 times when below 50% HP.
The number of hits depends on FPS but not on ping.
The healing increase is additive to normal healing.
The healing is affected by Healing Bonus.
Skill and C4 have different ICD.
C4 damage scales with Elemental Skill Damage %.
C4 can generate Particles.
No cooldown for Particle generation between Skill and C4.
Full Talent Values
La Signora, the Eighth of the Fatui Harbingers.
La Signora - First form
Unlike other Fatui who use the authority granted by Delusions, her Delusion is meant to shackle a flame that will devour everything. As opposed to a weapon used to kill, it might be more fitting to consider this a tool of imprisonment.
And it was the embers of that flame, which had accumulated over many long years, that would break through the frosty seal of the Delusion and apply a warped rogue upon her.
At first, Signora will utilize Cryo-based attacks via her Delusion.
During this phase, Sheer Cold will accumulate, once the gauge is full, the player will lose ~1% HP per second.
Halfway through the battle, the rate of Sheer Cold accelerates.
Hearts of Flame are placed around the edges of the arena to counter its effects.
When Signora sustains a single instance of DMG that exceeds 30% her Max HP, all DMG beyond that percentage will be nullified.
After this, Signora will launch a ferocious counterattack against active characters and unleash a wave of cold air that will rapidly accumulate Sheer Cold.
All of her attacks will cause Frosted Floor: the floor will become patched with ice, dealing Cryo DMG per interval.
Moreover, her attacks will also amplify the accumulation of Sheer Cold should the player gets hit by them.
Rains down ice in a small area, to deal Cryo DMG.
Summons a group of ice shards in a straight line, dealing Cryo DMG.
Imbues three ice flowers which will explode after a short period of time.
Hurls in a wheel of ice shards that travels in a circular arc, dealing rapid Cryo DMG. This is usually done as a follow up to her Ice Shards attack.
Signora teleports to the player character's position, releasing a small AoE burst of Cryo upon impact.
She may also perform this attack if the player lingers too close to her.
Signora launches five icy spears that home in on the player character one after another.
Signora conjures six icy spears that surround the player character before converging on them, dealing Cryo damage.
Signora marks the player character with a spearhead ice before striking it towards the player. The frigid ice will then explode in a few seconds, dealing massive DMG.
La Signora will relocate at the center of the arena in order to encase herself inside a large icicle when her HP drops critically low.
During this phase, Sheer Cold will accumulate much rapidly and she will attack the player with homing icicles, lock-on target ice shards, and ice flowers.
This phase is similar to the Cryo Hypostasis's Glacial Shield.
Crimson Lotus Moths will spawn which can be picked up. This will imbue your attacks will Pyro, dealing bonus DMG against her cocoon.
The character dealing damage must be on-field for the Crimson Lotus Moth's effect to melt Signora's cocoon.
Using Elemental Reactions, especially Melt, will also help destroy her cocoon.
A pudgy elemental life form.
All slimes are immune to their respective Element.
It is able to float in the air to a certain degree due to the power of Anemo.
Anemo Slimes at any level will instantly die if they take any damage during their airborne attacks.
If the player is in melee range, it will momentarily inflate to hit the target, dealing Anemo damage.
If its target is outside melee range, it will first wobble to indicate the start of its attack sequence, then jump into the air where it will inflate a second after reaching the max height of its jump. Shortly after it will start a barrage of Anemo projectiles at the players, one at a time, five projectiles in total. These projectiles deal Anemo damage and can interrupt player actions. If the slime takes any damage while in this state, it will deflate similar to poking a balloon, defeating it. It will also push the player away if too close, but not dealing any damage in the process.
Competitors once spread malicious rumors that the Dawn Winery used Cryo Slimes to control the temperature of their wine cellar and preserve the quality of their alcohol.
Cryo slimes have a Cryo armor protecting them. While protected, it will either:
Attack the player with a ranged ice shard attack, launching 3 ice shards towards them at once, dealing Cryo damage.
Jump high into the air and falls on the player's position after a short delay, stomping on the landing zone.
After the shield is destroyed it will try to retreat, slowly hopping away, and use the ice mist attack against the player, dealing Cryo damage over time. After it creates the mist cloud, it will retreat into the middle of it, waiting for the armor to regenerate.
The Cryo armor protecting the Cryo slime will take increased damage from blunt attacks.
It has also taken on the weaknesses of the Dendro element, and will burn intensely the moment it meets a bright flame.
Similarly to the small Dendro Slime, the large variant will hide underground, but is much easier to spot than it's smaller variant due to the large flower on its head. They will remain hidden until the player turns their back and walks away, in which case it'll follow up with a jump attack, or if they are either forcefully pulled out of the earth, or burnt with a Pyro attack. The Dendro Slime will be ignited for large amounts of damage when entering contact with Pyro aura, and will eventually have its flower hat destroyed.
After being forced outside the ground, it will attack in one of the following ways:
If the player is in melee range, it will use an AoE poison field around itself which will deal Dendro damage over time, but will not affect the player with Dendro (this is possibly a bug).
If the player is outside melee range, it will use a ranged attack, shooting seeds at the player which will pop into lingering toxic clouds, dealing Dendro damage over time and inflicting the target with Dendro. If the inflicted target comes in contact with Pyro shortly after exposure, it will cause an explosion.
It will periodically throw seeds which will grow into small Dendro slimes. These summoned slimes do not yield any drops and will disappear after the parent slime is killed. 3 slimes can be spawned with one such attack, but it is able to use it repeatedly for a total of 6 summoned Dendro slimes.
According to analyses, the jumping of Electro Slimes reflects the electric potential difference in the ground. In areas brimming over with Electro, their unusual movements can be observed and used to avoid danger.
Mutant Electro Slime
Electro Slimes can undergo mutations to become bright yellow. Due to the abundant Electro within its form, it will deliver an electric shock to its surroundings from time to time, and it can even cause nearby Electro Slimes to release electric arcs. This arc lightning will not bounce between purple Electro Slimes, which shows that Electro Slimes have two different polarities. One wonders if some great new science could emerge from the study of such phenomena...
Bump into the target, dealing Electro damage.
Jump high into the air, then land at the player's location after a short delay, stomping on the landing spot.
Creates a small field of electricity around the player.
Generally speaking, the crust of the earth is filled with Geo energy. Geo Slimes that are formed this way have a similarly "down-to-earth" sort of feeling.
Geo slimes have a Geo armor protecting them. While protected, it will either:
Spew a rock at the player.
Jump high into the air, then land at the player's location after a short delay, stomping on the landing spot.
When their armor is destroyed, they will withdraw, and only attack by jumping into the air and stomping down on the target dealing normal damage. The armor will regenerate after some time.
The Geo armor protecting the Geo slime will take increased damage from blunt attacks.
Legend has it that some people would use Hydro Slimes as an emergency water source, packing them in preparation for travels through dry regions or deep domains. But due to the high concentration of Hydro within these slimes, direct ingestion is, in fact, harmful to the human body.
Jump high into the air, then land at the player's location after a short delay, stomping on the landing spot.
Throws a bubble in a high arc at the target, if hit by the bubble it will immobilize it. This attack can hit both the player or other mobs.
Its intelligence is very basic, but its uses are just as broad well, for hilichurls, that is.
Similarly to its small version, it will only attack when ignited.
While ignited it will attack in the following ways:
Attack by spewing three consecutive fireballs that have a parabolic trajectory to its target.
Jump high into the air, then land at the player's location after a short delay, stomping on the landing spot.
If it dies while affected by Pyro, a few seconds later, it will explode dealing AoE Pyro damage.
If extinguished, it will retreat and re-ignite after some time.
E Cast and Shooting Stars: 1U
E Cast: None
Shooting Star: 7 hit / 3s
E: Each individual Shooting Star snapshots when it launches.
Q: Snapshots when the Celestial Dreamsphere is created.
Layla has a 30% chance of making 2 particles per proc, and a 70% chance of making 1 particle (based on 71 procs). More testing would be useful to determine if it's actually 33.333%
If Layla casts her E while there is a Curtain of Slumber active, either from CD reduction or reset, the new shield won't reset the stars gained but will extend them.
Certain characters, if used correctly, can "use" an Elemental Skill twice so that Layla generates extra Night Stars.
Yelan: releasing E after holding it is considered as another Elemental Skill use.
Sayu: pressing E again after holding it.
Tartaglia: manually exiting from melee stance.
Fischl: repositioning Oz.
Mona: E can be canceled but still be considered as skill use.
Keqing: counts twice when the double tap version is used, but the Charged Attack version only counts once.
It seems that Layla's shield gains stars on the actual action of pressing the E button.
It is also possible to throw out Keqing's Stiletto first, then switch to cast Layla's E, then switch back to recast Keqing's Skill for 1 count of Elemental Skill.
Skills that do not count as extra skill uses: parries (Beidou, Yun Jin, Candace), Nahida hold E, Anemo MC hold E.
Layla's stars, from both her shield and Burst, will always target the nearest entity. If they start shooting and you move out of range of a target, the remaining stars will fly to the last target that was in range. - Targeting behavior and range - Target Range behavior - Target change
A1: Like Nascent Light
The shield strength from Layla's A1 transfers to the character on-field. &
Layla's A1 and her Shooting Stars don't reset when you refresh her shield. &
Layla's A1 passive (shield strength) doesn't reset even if her shield resets.
A Rtawahist student who specializes in Theoretical Astrology. Heavily prone to somnambulism and locked in a grinding war with sleep deprivation, the problem of restful slumber is a most troubling one to her.
Layla Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
When re-casting Nights of Formal Focus while the Curtain of Slumber is active, the duration of Shooting Stars will be extended.
Certain characters can "use" an Elemental Skill twice so that Layla generates extra Night Stars. These include but are not limited to Yelan, Sayu, Tartaglia, Fischl, Mona, and Keqing.
Each individual Shooting Star snapshots when it launches.
The Shield Strength transfers to the character on-field.
Like Nascent Light and Shooting Stars don't reset when Layla's shield is refreshed.
Full Talent Values
Ley Line Disorders
Ley Line Aura Duration
Leylines auras and duration documentation have been compiled in the video demos below. Additionally, a bug with the Smoldering Flames leyline has a current bug that applies Pyro gauges to the active character unintentionally.
Understanding the strength and duration of leylines for the purposes of cleansing them with self-applied gauges
Ley Line Disorders
Ley Line Disorders operate by setting your party's gauge to the following characteristics:
Hydro: Slowing Waters
Pyro: Smoldering Flames
There is currently a bug where the burn ticks themselves are applying 1GU Pyro to the active character, and can therefore be extended beyond its intended duration.
Cryo: Condensed Ice
Electro: Engulfing Storm
Other auras applied to your characters beforehand are removed entirely and do not affect the resulting gauges in any way. Aura duration can be reduced by applying gauges to your own characters through Elemental Skills and Bursts, specific resonances, and artifact set bonuses. The first application of the disorder occurs 3 seconds after starting the challenge and every 30 seconds thereafter.
Statue of the Seven Healing
If you place a character in a party that is not at full HP or fainted and swap to a different party, you can heal and revive them without consuming Statue of the Seven HP.
Item Pickup Speed
Picking up items from the bottom of the list is about 85% faster than from the top of the list.
You can cross the water by applying Cryo on water surface.
Ayaka can infinitely sprint across large bodies of water using her Dash and infused Normal Attacks to Freeze the water for herself. She has time for about four basic attacks before you should dash again to avoid falling into the water.
Always wait for Mora before Teleporting
In overworld, you need to wait for flying mora to be absorbed by your character's body, if teleporting before it, the mora in mid-air will be lost forever.
It's possible to perform auto walk if you have dead character in party. Simply click on dead character while walking so that it will bring up the revival interface for your character to continue walking forward.
You, however, cannot sprint with this method.
Several actions in the game such as aiming down sights with Bow characters have anti-fall mechanics built in to prevent players from falling. You can take advantage of them when traversing terrains with poor foothold.
Bait & Switch
You can switch fishing baits when the bobber is in mid-air.
Note that bait cannot be switched once the bobber touches the water surface.
Moonstringer (Event Rod) is faster than Regional Rods (in their respective region), as long as you are able to stay in the tension zone for a minimum of 2 seconds.
Moonstringer can go from 16% to 25% faster compared to a normal fishing rod as long as it stays in the tension zone instantly after the bait is caught.
There are several ways to grief other people trying to fish in Co-op:
Use collision to move others far enough from their original fishing position to cancel their fishing.
Use Albedo's Elemental Skill to raise others off the ground and cancel their fishing.
Draw enemy aggro to other players and use enemy collision to move them away from their original fishing position and cancel their fishing.
Scare off fish by moving into the water or attacking the fish.
All of the fishes respawn after 48-72 hours, even if the Fishing Points weren't cleared.
You Cannot Fish Without The Traveler
Fishing checks whether or not the player's Traveler is dead or alive.
If the Traveler is alive: The active character is replaced by Traveler, a camera zoom happens, and the fishing menu pop us. Any action from the active character is immediately cancelled via swap.
If the Traveler is dead: Only the camera zoom happens. This can result to character close ups that overtake regular camera zooms from character Bursts.
Stamina Restoration Food
Stamina restoration food doesn't restore stamina for the Waverider.
Buff Effects on Waverider
The Waverider is unaffected by any buffs that directly affect it, such as ATK buffs, movement speed, and stamina reduction.
Buffs and debuffs that affect enemies and not the Waverider itself, such as RES Shred, DEF Shred, and Mona's Omen, do work on the Waverider's attacks.
Statue of Seven Healing
Finding: A Statue of Seven will heal (and revive to full if dead) without any restraint, provided that the character/party that you want to heal is not in the active (on-field) party.
Evidence: Discord Video Link
Significance: External source of infinite healing other than event domains (until mHY patches the So7 again).
Item Pickup Speed
Picking up items from the bottom of the list is about 85% faster than from the top of the list.
Frame counting the YouTube: top-down took between 262 frames to collect the item while scrolling to the bottom of the list and picking up took 142 frames. Uncertainty could have been caused by inconsistent button-mashing. Video
Spend less time on gathering loot and more time killing things.
Ayaka infinite ice bridge
Ayaka can infinitely sprint across large bodies of water using her dash and infused basic attacks to Freeze the water for herself. Anemo Resonance is recommended, I'm pretty sure, for adequate stamina regeneration; Ayaka has time for about four basic attacks before you should dash again to avoid falling into the water.
Wait for mora before TP
If you teleport before the mora going into the character's body, you will not gain any mora.
Artifact spots example
When you're speedrunning artifact route or elite route, you should wait for the mora to go into your character's body then teleport.
Bait & Switch
You can switch fishing baits in mid-air.
Note that bait cannot be switched once the bobber enters the water.
YouTube: Skip to 1:50 for a somewhat practical demonstration
Unnecessarily advanced fishing technique for those trying to catch multiple species of fish.
Fishing Rods Comparison
Moonstringer (Event Rod)
Moonstringer is faster than Regional Rods (in their respective region) as long as you are able to stay in the tension zone for a minimum of 2 seconds
The acceleration rate of the moonstringer is about an increase of 0.2 x catch rate per second maxing out at 1.4 x the base rate at about the 2 second mark. Acceleration= 0.2 rate/sec^2
Acceleration rate maxes out at 1.4 x faster as seen with how 25%-50% donut , 50%-75% and 75%-100% has about the same amount of frames needed. Only 0 to 25% have a different amount of frames and is more than the rest showing that there is an acceleration at the first few seconds
The event rod can go from 16% to 25% faster compared to a normal fishing rod as long as it stays in the tension zone instantly after the bait is caught
The Regional Rods stay at a around 16% increase in speed no matter the type of fish when fishing perfect tension from the start
The regional rod's base catch rate is 1.2 x faster than the normal rod.
They do not have acceleration system like moonstringer
Regional Rods do only work in their own region
YouTube: Liyue fishing
YouTube: Inazuma fishing
YouTube: Pufferfish fishing
Imgur: Calculations 2
Spreadsheet for finding acceleration and record of raw data when fishing:
Spreadsheet with pixel counts for rod comparison:
Pixel count plots:
HQ Videos and Frames
Pufferfish with different rods (render resolution 1.0, AA off, OBS lossless, reencoded for youtube):
short- regional: Video
Gameplay wise, if you already have moonstringer from event then you dont need to get the regional rods in most circumstances as the speed of the fishing rod already equals at 1 second and surpasses at 2 seconds.
When the fish just bit into the bait and the fishing starts, theres about a 1.6 second delay before the bar starts moving
Co-Op Fish Trolling
You can grief people trying to fish in Co-op with multiple methods. You can either interrupt the fisher, or scare the fish away.
There is always collision in Co-op, but fishers are prone to movement from this collision. Moving them far enough from their original fishing position will cancel their fishing.
Using Albedo, you can plant an elevator under their feet to cancel their fishing, as long as the albedo elevator is able to rise unimpeded. As of 2.2, other Geo Constructss do not seem to interrupt fishing as they do not force player movement.
Drawing enemy aggro: Fishers are intangible to enemy projectiles and attacks and immune to environmental damage, but aggro'ed mobs can physically collide and move the traveler to cancel fishing. Enemies that charge at the player, such as Mitachurls, are optimal for doing so. This is a more "innocent" method of trolling -- you may be able to pass of aggroing the mobs to push the fisher as a mistake. Also, you cannot start fishing while in combat, so if you can get them aggro'ed onto the fisher before fishing can even begin, they have to kill the mobs first. This is probably more reliable than getting a mob to push them away.
Scare the fish off by just moving into the water (swimming, using Waverider, etc), or attacking the fish (Aimed Shots, Klee bombs, etc). Do not do this early because there will be no fish left for your Co-op partner to fish for, meaning the grief will be final for the fishing spot until the fish come back. Use previous methods to their full griefing potential before employing this technique.
Note that enemy attacks do not seem to be able to scare away fish, which otherwise would have been a difficult but covert way of scaring fish away.
YouTube: As shown, fishing Travelers are very easy to push around. Pushing them too far from the original fishing spot results in the fishing being cancelled.
YouTube: As shown, Albedo E easily interrupts fishing. The only counterplay would be to fish in a spot where an Albedo Flower is incapable of elevating, such as on very jagged ground.
- Imgur: As shown, the traveler is immune to environmental damage.
YouTube: In this video, a Mitachurl charge interrupts fishing yet doesn't apply any knockback or damage.
YouTube: In this video, a Hilichurl arrow passes through the Traveler with no interaction, but a Mitachurl simply walking at the traveler cancels fishing.
Scaring Fish Away:
YouTube: An Aimed Shot from Fischl at a fish scares the fish away.
YouTube: A video from YouTube Channel ON Game. They use the Waverider to scare fish away.
YouTube: A video from YouTube Channel Shirosame. They jump into the water to scare fish away.
- YouTube: Enemies do not seem to be able to make the fish disappear.
I hate fishing, and if you hate fishing too, you should commit acts of terrorism.
All fishes from both night/day cycles are replaced after 48-72 hours.
4 screenshots below showing their timestamps and night/day cycles.
Day, 2021-09-16 23:29
Day, 2021-09-19 15:28
Night, 2021-09-16 23:29
Night, 2021-09-19 15:28
You do not need to fish until the spot is empty to respawn the fish that you require. Example you could fish all the pufferfish and wait 48-72 hours for the spot to replace the fishes.
Kill Traveler For The Camera
Interacting with the Fishing button forces a swap from the active character to the Traveler, even if a swap was previously done, then another forced swap from the Traveler to the previous character. These swaps ignore the regular character swap cooldown, and exerts a hidden swap cooldown after it.
Mostly fluff. Could be something worth nothing for future interactions.
The Walking Dead Impact
It's possible to perform autowalk if you have dead character in party. Simply click on dead character while walking so that it will bring up the revival interface for your character to continue walking forward.
You cannot do sprint with this, it automatically converts to "W".
You can go to the toilet while traversing through Teyvat using your new autowalk Skills.
Boat Stamina And Food
Eating stamina restoration food doesn't work for the Waverider.
Don't waste food
Waverider Buff Effects
The Waverider is unaffected by any buffs that directly affect it, such as ATK buffs, movement speed, and stamina reduction. In comparison, buffs that affect enemies and not the Waverider itself, such as phys shred, DEF Shred, and Mona's Omen do work.
Buffs to the Waverider:
Unbuffed: NA = 2203 DMG / E = 4407 DMG
With ATK buff active: NA = 2203 / E = 4407: Source - Bennett Burst (C1 Active)
Movement Speed: Unaffected: Source - Anemo Resonance
Stamina Reduction: Unaffected: Source - Barbara A2
With phys shred applied: NA = 2570 / E = 5141: Source - Rosaria Burst (C6 Active)
With DEF Shred applied: NA = 2381 / E = 4762: Source - Lisa A4
Mona's Omen applied: NA = 3525 / E = 7051: Source - Mona Omen, Talent Lv. 10
Unbuffed + DEF Shred clip/images: YouTube + Imgur
ATK buff clip/images: YouTube + Imgur
Phys shred clip/images: YouTube + Imgur
Mona omen clip/images: YouTube + Imgur
Movement speed + stamina reduction testing: YouTube
Shows that the Waverider doesn't function like characters do, and cannot be buffed by any direct stat buffs to the Waverider.
The Waverider however does benefit from debuffs to enemies, as they don't affect the Waverider itself.
Most actions in the game allow the characters to complete an action without the threat of falling even in the narrowest of pathways. That is assuming they don't get knocked back by external forces such as enemy attacks.
The most consistent way to observe this effect is through the Aimed Shot mode on Bow characters. This phenomenon can also be observed on other actions that naturally move a character such as in Yelan's and Sayu's Elemental Skills, character Normal Attacks, and in Alternate Sprints.
Aimed mode: YouTube
Yelan E, Sayu E, Normal Attacks: YouTube
Alternate Sprint: Imgur
Good for dangerous situations, such as tightropes or just traversing terrain with poor footholds.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Lisa final AA has two different animations
Just like Mona, Lisa can have two different normal animations depending on the distance from the target.
YouTube: First normal string has Lisa teleporting forward to the Ruin Guard, second normal string has her teleporting backward.
Combat positioning for Lisa
Violet Arc's Press variant AoE is passed to all affected targets
The description of Violet Arc clearly states that opponents in a small AoE are additionally stacked with Conductive, and this is true. But it does not mention that enemies affected also will have their own radius, thus chaining more stacks of Conductive.
Mobs hit via the initial small radius outputted by her Press E also output their own radius, and those in its radius can also get affected by Conductive, including the initial target.
Can work in conjunction to the effect described in a below entry: Violet Arc's Conductive status can be passed with Overload and Superconduct
Showcase of the bounce being conducted once between 2 enemies
Showcase of the bounce being conducted in a mass of enemies
One of the five Hilichurls only gained 1 Stack due to it aligning with only 1 radius, while the others had aligned in multiple radii, resulting in them gaining multiple stacks.
Lisa can easily abuse this knowledge in tightly packed groups to quickly and efficiently stack her Conductive Stacks. This allows for smoother and more rapid gameplay. Also, with the inclusion of C1, Lisa can efficient recharge her Elemental Burst given a group of enemies whenever she is on-field.
Violet Arc's Hold Variant has a Cylindrical Hitbox
The hitbox of Lisa's Hold E is a cylinder with the following dimensions/attributes:
Its Radius is indicated by its VFX and mobs' centers have to be inside said radius in order to take damage.
Its Height/Depth is either unlimited or absurdly large. This is difficult to properly quantize.
Its hitbox can clip through the terrain, allowing it to connect with enemies that are out of Lisa's direct Line of Sight.
Example of connecting Hold E against a mob that is clearly above Lisa
Example of connecting Hold E against a mob that is clearly below Lisa
Example of connecting Hold E against a mob that is clearly out of Lisa's direct Line of Sight
No obvious and major significance in Spiral Abyss, but its extreme capabilities are nice to know and can potentially be of use in later content if verticality is ever a factor. Also debunks the common perception that Lisa's Hold E is a Sphere/Circle/Cylinder that has respect to only the visual radius.
Violet Arc's Conductive status can be passed with Overload and Superconduct
The amount of Conductive Stacks a single Press E produces on an enemy is dependent on how many produced radii it was within.
When Lisa's Press variant of Violet Arc strikes an opponent affected by Pyro or Cryo to cause Overload or Superconduct, the mob directly hit will immediately gain 2 Conductive Stacks, and others in the resulting Overload or Superconduct radius will gain 1 Conductive Stack, effectively radiating it.
The mob which had gained 2 Conductive Stacks was due to being in 2 Radii; 1 from the Initial Press radius and 1 from the resulting Overload or Superconduct's radius.
The other mob(s) which had only gained 1 Conductive Stack was due to only being within 1 Radius, which was the Overload or Superconduct.
If Violet Arc connects and causes Overload or Superconduct while in a Pyro or Cryo-environment (the most common ones being Burning Grass and Frozen Water), the direct mob will obtain 3 Conductive stacks and it will radiate 2 stacks to nearby opponents.
The direct mob which had gained 3 Conductive Stacks was due to being in 3 total Radii; 1 from the Initial Press radius, 1 from the Overload or Superconduct caused from connecting the direct mob, and 1 from being within a "chained" radius from the Elemental environment (in this case, the environment acts as if it was another entity/mob).
If there were other mobs present, they may be affected by 2 or 1 Conductive Stack(s) depending on their proximity in relation to the Elemental environment and/or direct mob.
A mob will have gained 2 Conductive Stacks in this scenario if they were within 2 Radii, which is only possible in these two cases:
(a) Within Overload/Superconduct radius [+1], within "chained" Elemental environment radius [+1], and outside of the Initial Press radius [+0]
(b) Within Overload/Superconduct radius [+1], within Initial Press radius [+1], and outside of the "chained" Elemental environment radius [+0]
A mob will have only gained 1 Conductive Stack from this scenario if and only if they were only within the Overload/Superconduct radius.
If 2 opponents are nearby and only one is afflicted with a status, Violet Arc, if it directly hits the afflicted mob causing Overload/Superconduct, will add 3 stacks of Conductive to both enemies.
This scenario is fundamentally identical to the previous scenario, whereby instead of an Elemental environment acting as a "mob", it is an actual mob. The previous rules apply similarly.
Can also work in conjunction with the effect described in a previous entry: Violet Arc's Press variant AoE is passed to all affected targets: Violet Arc's Press variant AoE is passed to all affected targets
Press E on 2 Pyro-Inflicted Mobs
Both at 3 stacks. The same outcome would apply if both are close by each other and only one of them is afflicted with Pyro/Cryo
Press E on 2 Cryo-Inflicted Mobs
Both at 3 stacks. The same outcome would apply if both are close by each other and only one of them is afflicted with Pyro/Cryo
Press E on 2 Distanced Mobs, one Pyro-inflicted and the other not
Only 2 stacks on the main target, and 1 stack on the other afflicted by Overload
Press E on 2 Distanced Mobs, one Cryo-inflicted and the other not
Only 2 stacks on the main target, and 1 stack on the other afflicted by Superconduct
Press E on a Pyro-inflicted mob in a Pyro-environment
Target afflicted by 3 stacks. Had there been other nearby opponents, it would have been afflicted by 2 stacks
Press E on a Cryo-inflicted mob in a Cryo-environment
Target afflicted by 3 stacks. Had there been other nearby opponents, it would have been afflicted by 2 stacks
Lisa can easily abuse this tech to quickly and efficiently stack Conductive. This allows for smoother and more rapid gameplay and very much opens up a Burst Carry archetype.
Lisa's Conductive Stack Mechanics
Any application of a Conductive Stack lasts for 15s until dissipation. This similarly applies to simultaneous sources of Stacks, like multi-stacking via an accompanying reaction (Overload or Superconduct) or in mass groups, as well as her C6 applying 3 Stacks at once.
Further application of Conductive Stacks when an enemy is already at 3 Stacks resets durations from the lowest back to 15s.
Tap E > Stack 1 applied at 00:00 (Stack 1 will dissipate at 00:15)
Tap E > Stack 2 applied at 00:02 (Stack 2 will dissipate at 00:17)
Tap E > Stack 3 applied at 00:04 (Stack 3 will dissipate at 00:19)
Tap E > Stack 1 reset at 00:06 (Stack 1 will dissipate at 00:21)
Tap E + OL/SC > Stack 1, 2 applied at 00:00 (Stack 1, 2 will dissipate at 00:15)
Tap E > Stack 3 applied at 00:02 (Stack 3 will dissipate at 00:17)
Tap E > Stack 1 reset at 00:04 (Stack 1 will dissipate at 00:19, but Stack 2 remains to dissipate at 00:15)
Tap E > Stack 1 applied at 00:00 (Stack 1 will dissipate at 00:15)
Tap E > Stack 2 applied at 00:02 (Stack 2 will dissipate at 00:17)
Tap E > Stack 3 applied at 00:04 (Stack 3 will dissipate at 00:19)
Swap In C6 > Stack 1, 2, 3 reset at 00:06 (Stack 1, 2, 3 will all dissipate at 00:21)
Swap In C6 > Stack 1, 2, 3 applied at 00:00 (Stack 1, 2, 3 will all dissipate at 00:15)
Tap E > Stack 1 reset at 00:02 (Stack 1 will disspate at 00:17, but Stack 2, 3 remain to dissipate at 00:15)
Additionally, since having Conductive Stacks is an enemy attribute, other Players who use Lisa in Co-op may consume Conductive Stacks should there be any Stacks on a given enemy, regardless if it was them or another Lisa who applied such Stacks.
All sources of Conductive lasting for 15s:
Tap E - YouTube
CA - YouTube
Rap E + OL/SC reaction - YouTube
C6 - YouTube
Demonstration of Conductive Stacks having their own independent 15s durations:
All singular applications - YouTube
Multi-application and singular application - YouTube
Demonstration of the reset mechanic of Conductive Stacks:
Four Tap Es, essentially Example 1 of above - YouTube
Co-op Conductive Stacks:
Another Lisa consuming Conductive Stacks - YouTube
Another Lisa consuming Conductive Stacks (C6) - YouTube
Calculatory evidence for the above two videos - YouTube
Documentation for information on Lisa's Conductive Stacks; whereby it lasts for 15s individually, can be reset, and can be consumed in Co-op (regardless of source).
Lightning Rose Cooldown Reduction Interaction
It is possible to refresh the cooldown of Lisa's Lightning Rose to a length, e.g. C6 Raiden or Burst Cooldown Refreshing mechanics, that it can result in 2 Lightning Roses being deployed in succession as well as both being able to coexist.
Credit to's and, by proxy,'s ideas/library post on a similar topic on Guoba.
Lightning Rose is casted, starting the cooldown, then Nachtraben's Regard: Reprise is obtained, refreshing the Burst's cooldown by 100%, and Lightning Rose is casted once more with both entities coexisting. YouTube
More than one Lightning Roses can co-exist. This also shows that there is nothing in the game preventing multiple Lightning Roses from being summoned. More fluff knowledge than actual tangible information.
Lightning Rose Vertical Range
Finding: Lisa's Lightning Rose being a Cylindrical Tubular Hitbox
The hitbox of Lisa's Lightning Rose is a cylinder with the following dimensions/attributes:
Its Radius is indicated by its VFX and mobs' centers have to be inside said radius in order to take damage. Misleadingly, the actual area is not the flowered decal, but the soft tinted circle of purple.
Its Height/Depth is either unlimited or absurdly large. [This is difficult to properly quantize.]
Its hitbox can clip through terrain (allowing it to connect with enemies that are out of Lisa's direct Line of Sight); see Azhdaha.
Example of Lightning Rose connecting against a mob that is clearly above Lisa: YouTube
Example of Lightning Rose connecting against a mob that is clearly below Lisa: YouTube
Example of Lightning Rose connecting against a mob that is clearly out of Lisa's direct Line of Sight: YouTube
Significance: No obvious and major significance in Spiral Abyss, but its extreme capabilities are nice to know.
Lisa's Lightning Rose Stagger/Knockback Mechanics
Unlike as Lightning Rose's description implies, Lightning Rose does not always induce a knockback. Discharges sent from the Arcs of Lightning Rose only induce knockback if the opponent is caused to be come airborne or staggered while airborne. Otherwise, Discharge connections on grounded or stable opponents act as stagger effects.
Grounded Discharges Staggering, not inducing Knockback: YouTube
Taking advantage of the Staggering effect to attack from behind Shields: YouTube
Below are common sources of Airborne Causation into Lightning Rose knocking back:
Breaking Poise via Lifting Effects: YouTube
Breaking Poise via Lifting Effects (Larger Enemy): YouTube
Breaking Poise via Overloaded: YouTube
Breaking Poise via Attacks: YouTube
Below are some "airborne" enemies, notice how they only become knocked back when weakened, despite them being "airborne" innately:
Spectre(s) not being knocked back when stable: YouTube
Spectre(s) being knocked back when their Poise has broken: YouTube
Rifthound Whelp not being knocked back when stable: YouTube
Rifthound Whelp being knocked back when their Poise has broken: YouTube
Rifthound not being knocked back when stable: YouTube
Rifthound being knocked back when their Poise has broken: YouTube
Acts as clarification on the Knockback/Stagger Mechanics on Lightning Rose as well as how it can be controlled, avoided, and/or utilized in-game.
Lightning Rose's initial summon damage does not apply Electro Aura
In practice, the initial Summon Damage from Lisa's Lightning Rose does not apply an Electro Aura, despite dealing Electro Damage.
Casting Lightning Rose
At 0:06, the Initial Summon Damage is dealt, yet did not apply any Electro Aura, shortly after, Lightning Rose's attack applied an Electro Aura. Indicating that the Initial Summon DMG does not apply an Electro Aura.
Freeze-frames of those moments above
No Overload proccing
Casting Lightning Rose following into a Tap E to Multi-Stack Conductive Stacks
Lightning Rose's Initial Summon Damage did not apply Electro, thus not proccing Overloaded allowing Lisa to Tap E in order to Multi-Stack Conductive Stacks.
Demonstrates that the Initial Summon DMG of Lightning Rose does not apply an Electro Aura.
For Lisa specifically, knowing this is more useful than not as she would be able to not proc Overloaded/Superconduct from casting Lightning Rose and be able to quickly cast a Tap E after to proc the reaction instead, causing Multiple Conductive Stacks to occur due to her Multi-Stacking.
Lightning Rose Summon DMG Range
Finding: Lisa's Initial Summon DMG Range/Area.
The initial Summon DMG dealt by Lisa's Lightning Rose is dealt once within a specific area.
This area is defined as either a flat circular plane or a small cylinder which shares the radius of Lightning Rose (7m).
The Summon DMG cannot deal damage to enemies whose hurtboxes are below or above near the suspended plane of which Lightning Rose was casted on, which is deceptive given its visual appears to give verticality.
The VFX in Question
Edge of Lightning Rose: Hit
Outside of Lightning Rose: Miss
Contact with Plane: Hit
Barely Above (1): Miss
Barely Above (2): Miss
Lisa's Lightning Rose is Random when Targeting Entities + Total Count
Lisa's Lightning Rose shoots out Arcs 29 times in total, every 0.5s after the Initial Summon Blast.
Unlike some other static AoE field deployables, namely Albedo's Tectonic Tide's Fatal Blossoms and Ganyu's Celestial Shower's Ice Shards, Lisa's Lightning Rose does not have any guaranteed properties like those mentioned do. Instead, the method by which Lightning Rose targets opponents is seemly fully randomized between all opponents.
60 Lightning Rose Trials among 3 Opponents: Google Sheets | YouTube
Within the sheet, 60 Trials were conducted and recorded consecutively on a set of 3 Hilichurls, each being marked as 1, 2, or 3, respectively. Discharge connections were recorded along the way and no patterns and near equal targeting occurrences were present, indicating there is randomness and no guaranteed sequencing. Similarly, outliers of varying frequencies were present as well due to the nature of randomness.
All trials also revealed there are 29 total Arcs and each had 0.5s intervals beginning after the Initial Summon Blast.
Confirms how Lightning Rose shoots a total of 29 times for every 0.5s after the Initial Summon Blast.
Also acts as a better understanding of how Lightning Rose functions, which is more random than some sequences like Celestial Shower's Ice Shards or Tectonic Tide's Fatal Blossoms.
Lightning Rose has Limited Quadratic Properties and Impact AoE
Lisa's Lightning Rose connections have an impact AoE.
Somewhat like other abilities with the potential to Quadratically Scale in output, C4 Lightning Rose is also able to as well, varying on the Entity count, the count of Discharges released at a time, and the proximity of Entities. However, as the scaling is dependent with how C4 works, her Quadratic Scaling is capped and limited at 3 Discharges/Entities, and will return to Linear Multiplicative Scaling in higher Entity Counts or lower Discharge Counts.
1 Damage Value occurred in each Arc containing 1 Discharge (1 Entity 1 Discharge) [technically Quad]
When 1 Discharge occurred, there were 2 resulting Damage Values (2 Entities 1 Discharge)
When 2 Discharges occurred, there were 4 resulting Damage Values (2 Entities 2 Discharges) [Quad]
When 1 Discharge occurred, there were 3 resulting Damage Values (3 Entities 1 Discharge)
When 2 Discharges occurred, there were 6 resulting Damage Values (3 Entities 2 Discharges)
When 3 Discharges occurred, there were 9 resulting Damage Values (3 Entities 3 Discharges) [Quad]
When 1 Discharge occurred, there were 4 resulting Damage Values (4 Entities 1 Discharge)
When 2 Discharges occurred, there were 8 resulting Damage Values (4 Entities 2 Discharges)
When 3 Discharges occurred, there were 12 resulting Damage Values (4 Entities 3 Discharges)
Hypothetical N Entities (assuming all are condensed enough to be tagged by all Discharges):
If 1 Discharge occurs, there will be (N 1) resulting Damage Value(s)
If 2 Discharges occur, there will be (N 2) resulting Damage Values
If 3 Discharges occur, there will be (N 3) resulting Damage Values
Proves that Lisa's Lightning Rose can have AoE properties as well as very limited Quadratic potential. In turn, one may be able to condense a group of mobs close enough to accentuate Lightning Rose's total damage output.
Lisa's Initial Summon DMG Numerical/Formula Data
As previously known, Lisa's Lightning Rose also deals an additional source of damage (Summon/Casting DMG) that is not stated within the in-game's talent description. As such, this attack's Talent%s are unknown as well, but can be reverse-calculated to a fairly accurate margin of error.
Additionally, its attributes are also observed upon.
About the Summon DMG itself:
The Summon DMG is calculated as Burst DMG and Electro DMG.
The Summon DMG has a numerical value of 10% MV, or Talent%. However, it is a static value that does not change if the Talent Level of Lightning Rose is increased, in other words, leveling Lightning Rose amounts to zero gain to the damage of the Summon DMG.
If Lisa holds 4NO, all of her Burst is affected by the ATK%, including the Summon DMG.
The Summon DMG does not apply Lisa's DEF Shred, rather, only the discharges do.
Sheet containing all collected and processed data
Within the sheet are various artifact sets and videos equipped with either, or both, 2NO (+Burst DMG%) and 2TF (+Electro DMG%) which do increase the damage of the Summon DMG.
Tested from Talent Levels 1-14 Lightning Rose, the Summon DMG has always been reverse-calculated to 10% MV.
Within the sheet contains the methodology and proof of all of these statements as well as sufficient video evidence (of 139 videos).
Provides more information to the elusive Summon DMG of Lisa's Lightning Rose, that being it is calculated as Burst DMG, Electro DMG, does not induce Lisa's DEF Shred, reads 4NO's buff (if held), and, most significantly, has a static MV of 10% that does not change to the Talent Level of Lightning Rose.
By definition, this discovery technically invalidates/corrects all previous, present, and potential future Lisa Calculations in any calculator or simulator (albeit barely) that does not have this damage source implemented. With this information, calculations that may include Lisa will be more "accurate". However, this change is minor, for this Summon DMG is a miniscule amount of damage relative to her Elemental Burst, much less her kit.
Lisa Lightning Rose Dendro Cores
Lisa's Lightning Rose Targeting Regarding Dendro Cores
Lisa's Lightning Rose is able to target and trigger Dendro Cores, both directly, from an Arc's Discharges/Bolts directly connecting to them, and indirectly, by nearby Discharges/Bolts' AoEs.
If there are enemies present within Lightning Rose's radius, Discharges/Bolts from Arcs will prioritize targeting enemies over Dendro Cores.
If Lightning Rose is enhanced by Lisa's 4th Constellation, enabling the potential for 13 Discharges/Bolts per Arc, within an Arc, resulting Discharges/Bolts will continue to prioritize connecting to enemies foremost until every enemy has been hit. In which case, allowing the extra Discharges/Bolts of an Arc to connect to Dendro Cores directly, since all enemies have been already checked for being hit by precedence.
For example, within a Lightning Rose's radius (where X is an arbitrary number of Dendro Cores):
If there are 3 or more Enemies, X Dendro Cores, and an Arc selects 1, 2, or 3 Discharges/Bolts to send out, the Discharges/Bolts will always directly connect to the enemies in random.
If there are 2 Enemies, X Dendro Cores, and an Arc selects 1 or 2 Discharges/Bolts to send out, the Discharges/Bolts will always directly connect to the enemies in random.
If there are 2 Enemies, X Dendro Cores, and an Arc selects 3 Discharges/Bolts to send out, 2 of the Discharges/Bolts will directly connect to the enemies randomly, leaving 1 Discharge/Bolt to randomly choose and connect to a Dendro Core.
If there is 1 Enemy, X Dendro Cores, and an Arc selects 1 Discharge/Bolt to send out, the Discharge/Bolt will always directly connect to the enemy.
If there is 1 Enemy, X Dendro Cores, and an Arc selects 2 or 3 Discharges/Bolts to send out, 1 of the Discharges/Bolts will directly connect to the enemy leaving 2 Discharges/Bolts to randomly choose and connect to 2 Dendro Cores.
If there are no Enemies, X Dendro Cores, and an Arc selects 1, 2, or 3 Discharges/Bolts to send out, the Discharges/Bolts will directly connect to available Dendro Cores randomly as normal.
Because Dendro Cores may also be directly targeted by Discharges/Bolts, this may also semi-enable the pseudo-quadratic attribute of a C4+ Lightning Rose. This may allow an enemy to take damage more times than normal as if in mass multi-target situations, despite the absence of other enemies.
Proof of Discharges/Bolts triggering Dendro Cores
Directly: YouTube the Discharge/Bolt directly connects to the Dendro Core because there are no enemies in bound.
Indirectly: YouTube the Arc chooses to send 1 Discharge/Bolt, which connects to the enemy by having precedence, but also indirectly triggers the Dendro Core adjacent to it.
Proof of Dendro Cores briefly enabling the attribute of being Pseudo-Quadratic: YouTube the Arc chooses to send 2 Discharges/Bolts, which connects to both the enemy and the Dendro Core (as there was an extra Discharge/Bolt to be sent) resulting in the enemy taking damage equivalent to two instances of being hit.
Examples of 3 or 3+ Enemy Scenarios not allowing Dendro Cores to be hit directly by Arcs' Discharges/Bolts because of Enemies' Priority
Ex. 1: YouTube various Arcs are shown here with the presence of a Dendro Core, and all Arcs' Discharges/Bolts always connect to the enemies and not the Dendro Core.
Ex. 2: YouTube same as above, but a more prolonged example.
Examples of 2 Enemy Scenarios when a 2 Discharge/Bolt Arc and 3 Discharge/Bolt Arc are queued
Ex. 1 & 2: YouTube seen are a 2 Discharge/Bolt Arc and a 3 Discharge/Bolt Arc in a 2 Enemy Scenario. During the 2 Discharge/Bolt Arc, the Discharges/Bolts prioritize targeting the enemies rather than the Dendro Core, leaving the Dendro Core untouched. During the following 3 Discharge/Bolt Arc, 2 of the Discharges/Bolts target the enemies by priority, leaving 1 Discharge/Bolt able to connect to the Dendro Core.
Examples of 1 Enemy Scenarios with varying Discharge/Bolt Arcs
Ex. 1 & 3: YouTube seen are a 1 Discharge/Bolt Arc and a 3 Discharge/Bolt Arc in a 1 Enemy Scenario. During the 1 Discharge/Bolt Arc, the Discharge/Bolt prioritizes targeting the enemy rather than the Dendro Cores, leaving the Dendro Cores untouched. During the following 3 Discharge/Bolt Arc, 1 of the Discharges/Bolts target the enemy by priority, leaving 2 Discharges/Bolts able to connect to the Dendro Cores.
Ex. 2: YouTube seen are 2 Discharge/Bolt Arcs in a 1 Enemy Scenario. During both 2 Discharge/Bolt Arcs, 1 of the Discharges/Bolts target the enemy by priority, leaving 1 Discharge/Bolt able to connect to the Dendro Core(s).
Examples of 0 Enemy Scenarios
Ex. 1: YouTube
Ex. 2: YouTube
Confirms Lightning Rose can trigger Dendro Cores directly and indirectly.
Provides more information as to how Lightning Rose selects its targets, specifically from differentiating between Dendro Cores and valid enemies. Whereby enemies have precedence over Dendro Cores, and, after the enemy priority is met, only then may extra Discharges/Bolts directly target Dendro Cores.
Proves that creating Dendro Cores may provide a larger share of damage from her Burst via semi-enabling its pseudo-quadratic attribute through Dendro Cores.
Bolsters the effectiveness of Lisa's 4th Constellation further.
C1: Infinite Circuit
The Mechanics of Lisa's C1
The current description for Lisa's first constellation is currently limited, it states that:
"Lisa recovers 2 Energy for every opponent hit while holding Violet Arc. A maximum of 10 Energy can be regenerated in this manner at any one time"
Additionally, other mechanics with regards to the generated Energy from this constellation are as follows:
Energy is provided directly to Lisa in a delay after an opponent is hit with Violet Arc
If Lisa is not present in the field before Energy is to be provided to Lisa, it will have no effect
Energy gained this way is unaffected by Lisa's Energy Recharge stat
UPDATE: As of 2.1, Lisa's C1 no longer works with her Tap E.
While the videos below demonstrate C1's mechanics with Lisa's Tap E pre-2.1, Hold E functions the same way.
Example of Lisa gaining Energy in a delay
Clip has Lisa at 78/80 Energy
Example of Energy not being provided to Lisa or her allies due to being swapped out before the delay
Clip has Lisa at 78/80 Energy
In knowing how C1 actually works, Lisa, when she is on-field, can effectively run much less Energy Recharge on her artifacts and still recharge her Elemental Burst off cooldown given enough enemies and how they are grouped.
C4: Plasma Eruption
C4 Description and Actual Effects are Miscommunicated
The wording has changed in v3.3.
Increases the number of lightning bolts released by Lightning Rose by 1-3.
Lightning Rose now unleashes 1-3 lightning bolts when it attacks.
The current description for Lisa's fourth constellation is currently falsely misleading, it states that it:
Increases the number of lightning bolts released by Lightning Rose by 1-3.
By this description, the assumed effect is that Arcs may release a potential of 2-4 Bolts/Discharges.
However, Lisa's C4 affects Lightning Rose by making it release 1-3 Discharges, not add 1-3 Discharges.
Additionally, the frequency at which how many Discharges are released per Arc also alters on enemy/entity count and has its own quirks:
If there is only 1 Enemy/Entity within the field, Lightning Rose will only release 1 Discharge with and without C4. (100% Rate)
If there are 2 Enemies/Entities within the field, Lightning Rose will release 1 or 2 Discharges with C4.
The first Arc released from a Lightning Rose will follow either releasing 1 (60%) or 2 Discharges (40%).
After the first Arc, following Arcs will follow either releasing 1 (16%) or 2 Discharges (84%).
Overall, the average distribution between all occurances within 2 Entities is around 17.5% of Arcs releasing 1 Discharge and 82.5% releasing 2 Discharges.
If there are 3 or more Enemies/Entities within the field, Lightning Rose will release 1, 2, or 3 Discharges with C4.
Interestingly, this scenario carries two sets of randomizations:
One that randomizes between shooting 1 or 2 Discharges, following a 50% and 50% occurance rate, and the other randomizing between 1, 2, and 3 Discharges, following a 25%, 50%, and 25% occurance rate, respective to the number of Discharges.
The first Arc released from a Lightning Rose will never release 3 Discharges, rather it will either release 1 or 2 Discharges, with a 50:50 rate.
After the first Arc, following Arcs will follow either releasing 1 (25%), 2 (50%), or 3 Discharges (25%).
However, if an Arc ever releases 3 Discharges, the subsequent Arc will release 1 or 2 Discharges, with the 50:50 ratio as described prior.
Overall, the average distribution between all occurances within 3 or 3+ Entities is around 30% of Arcs releasing 1 Discharge, 50% releasing 2 Discharges, and 20% releasing 3 Discharges.
Google Sheet containing 241 total documented and recorded Trials between 1 Entity, 2 Entity, 3 Entity, and 3+ Entity situations.
Video of the 1 Entity Trial.
Video A and Video B of all 120 2 Entity Trials.
Video of all 60 3 Entity Trials.
Video of all 60 3+ Entity Trials.
120 Trials were done for 2 Entities as to provide a possibly more accurate ratio.
Throughout all 3 and 3+ Entity Trials, all have showcased how the First Arc and Arcs following a 3 Discharge Arc occur in realeasing either 1 or 2 Discharges (50:50) and never in 3 Discharges.
Clears up what the actual effects are of Lisa's C4 and the frequencies of each occurance within 1, 2, and 3+ entity scenarios. Also, if one is attempting to calculate how much C4 impacts Lightning Rose, on average and without taking account for possible AoE hits, in 1 Entity scenarios, there is no effect, in 2 Entity scenarios, it is around an 82.5% effectiveness increase, and in 3 or 3+ Entity scenarios, it is around a 90% effectiveness increase (0.301 + 0.502 + 0.203).
C6: Pulsating Witch
Lisa's C6 Mechanics
As the description implies, when Lisa swaps to become on-field, a radius will spawn around her applying 3 simulataneous Conductive Stacks onto nearby opponents, thus also resetting any concurrent Conductive durations to 15s.
As described, this effect does have a cooldown of 5s, however, the cooldown is only initiated if Lisa is in combat. Otherwise, if Lisa is not in combat, the mechanical effect (3 Conductive Stacks) will still produce, the visual effect (Radius VFX) will not be shown, and the cooldown for her C6 does not begin.
Furthermore, the Radius of Lisa's C6 is 5m and infinitely, or absurdly, large, both when in combat or not.
No cooldown when not in combat:
YouTube - C6 is casted in succession twice, once at 00:04 and once more at 00:07 (the duration ends at 00:22, which follows its 15s implied duration).
YouTube - A more visual example.
Has 5s Cooldown when in combat:
YouTube - C6 activated in combat at 00:04, 00:12, 00:18, and 00:26 in this quick example, and, there, each interval is greater than or equal to the 5s cooldown.
YouTube - C6 activated when not in combat at 00:00, which does not begin the cooldown, and C6 further activates in combat at 00:03 and 00:11.
C6 Pulse has 5m Radius:
YouTube - This video shows the radius of C6 to be around 2 abyss tiles, which is enough of a leading assumption for its radius to be considered 5m.
YouTube - This video demonstrates a further testing of C6's radius, only possible due to the C6 not initiating its cooldown when not in combat.
YouTube - This video demonstrates the infinite, or large, verticality C6's radius has.
Information on Lisa's C6: Pulsating Witch. Namely, that it applies 3 Conductive Stacks to entities within a 5m radius cylinder with, seemingly, infinite height around Lisa simultaneously, and that its visual and cooldown are not initiated when Lisa is not in combat. Otherwise, if Lisa is in combat upon swapping on-field, the 5s cooldown of her C6 is instigated along with the appropiate visual effect.
The languid but knowledgeable Librarian of the Knights of Favonius, deemed by Sumeru Akademiya to be their most distinguished graduate in the past two centuries.
Lisa Mains Discord
Full Lisa Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Lisa's 3rd Normal Attack recovery has 2 different animations. She will either teleport backwards or forward depending on the position of her target.
Standard ICD, shared with tap Elemental Skill.
The Lightning Orb bounces to nearby targets with the small AoE spreading Conductive stacks each bounce
This means in tight enough groups, it can apply all 3 stacks in a single Press E.
Conductive stacks last 15s with independent timers. Beyond 3 Conductive stacks, additional applications will refresh the stack(s) with the least remaining duration.
As Conductive stacks are an enemy attribute, multiple players using Lisa in Co-op share Conductive stacks consumption and stacking.
The hitbox of Lisa's Hold E is a cylinder with the following dimensions/attributes:
Its Radius is indicated by its VFX and mobs' centers have to be inside said radius in order to take damage.
Its Height/Depth is either unlimited or absurdly large. This is difficult to properly quantize.
Its hitbox can clip through the terrain, allowing it to connect with enemies that are out of Lisa's direct Line of Sight.
Lisa can Utilize Pyro/Cryo with her Press E variant of Violet Arc to Stack Conductive Stacks
When an opponent affected by Pyro or Cryo is struck, the mob directly hit will immediately gain 2 Conductive Stacks, and others in the resulting Overload or Superconduct radius will gain 1 Conductive Stack
If Violet Arc connects and causes Overload or Superconduct while in a Pyro or Cryo-environment (the most common ones being Burning Grass and Frozen Water), the direct hit mob will obtain 3 Conductive stacks and will radiate 2 stacks to nearby opponents.
If 2 opponents are nearby and only one is afflicted with a status, if the afflicted mob is hit, both enemies will gain 3 stacks of Conductive
Lightning Rose has an unlisted instance of damage on initial summon
Summon damage is 10% at all talent levels.
Summon damage does not apply an Electro Aura.
Summon damage does not apply the DEF Shred from Static Electricity Field (A4).
Enemy targeting seems fully randomized between all opponents in-range.
Discharges from Lightning Rose have a small AoE on impact. In tight enemy groups, a lightning bolt can deal damage to multiple enemies at once.
The hitbox of Lisa's Lightning Rose is a cylinder with the following dimensions/attributes:
Its Radius is indicated by its VFX and mobs' centers have to be inside said radius in order to take damage. Misleadingly, the actual area is not the flowered decal, but the soft tinted circle of purple.
Its Height/Depth is either unlimited or absurdly large. This is difficult to properly quantize.
Its hitbox can clip through terrain (allowing it to connect with enemies that are out of Lisa's direct Line of Sight); see Azhdaha.
Surrounding opponents are only launched if made airborne while their poise is broken. Poise-broken grounded enemies are frequently staggered instead.
The initial Summon DMG dealt by Lightning Rose is dealt once within a specific area.
This area is a flat circular plane which shares the radius of Lightning Rose (7m).
The Summon DMG cannot deal damage to enemies whose hurtboxes are below or above near the suspended plane of which Lightning Rose was casted on.
More than one Lightning Roses can co-exist with sufficient cooldown reduction.
Lightning Rose is able to target and trigger Dendro Cores, both directly, from an Arc's Discharges/Bolts directly connecting to them, and indirectly, by nearby Discharges/Bolts' AoEs.
If there are enemies present within Lightning Rose's radius, Discharges/Bolts from Arcs will prioritize targeting enemies over Dendro Cores.
The DEF shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This only applies to the Hold E variant.
This summons a single special Particle that only provides Energy if Lisa is on field.
In tight enemy groups, Plasma Eruption can quadratically increase the damage of Lightning Rose due to the AoE of each lightning bolt released.
The pulse visual effect and cooldown are not initiated when not in combat, but will still apply Conductive stacks nearby.
The radius of this effect is 5m and its height is seemingly infinite, regardless of whether or not Lisa is in combat.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - YouTube , YouTube , YouTube , Google Sheets - @soloxcx
Lynette Skill generates 4 particles per use with no ICD - YouTube , YouTube - @soulfish
Skill has no ICD; Burst anemo has standard ICD shared with initial hit, Absorption applies every other hit (at C0) - @jyro10
YouTube - E with Sac
YouTube - Burst with Pyro Absorption (better footage)
YouTube - Burst initial hit
Lynette's Q coordinated attacks seem to be standard ICD (by C2 hits). - @lunaflaw
YouTube - She vaporizes on 1st hit of 1st wave, then on 2nd hit of 2nd wave > 1st hit of 3rd wave >...
Lynette's burst doesn't snapshot - YouTube - @mgr
Stamina regenerates while in Lynette's Pilfering Shadow State from her hold Skill. - YouTube - @shampoobrain
Lynette Absorption Mechanics - @bobrokrot, @f99shi
Imgur Cryo Pyro Hydro, absorbs Cryo
Imgur Pyro Hydro Electro, absorbs Pyro
Imgur Hydro Electro, absorbs Hydro
The reason this had to be tested in coop is, based on this clip - Imgur, the swirl damage hits the box before the box does its first auracheck, so any test on enemies will depend on whichever swirl the game does first and is not indicative of the real auracheck priority.
The absorption priority is Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro
It is important to know that although she has the same priority as Anemo Traveler, her burst cannot be used for uses that Anemo Traveler is popular for, such as shredding Hydro AbysS Herald shields, due to the first opening swirl on the box occuring before the auracheck. against an enemy with both Frozen and Hydro auras, due to Simulataneous Reaction Priority, Hydro Swirl will occur first, which will hit the box and make it absorb Hydro before it has time to do its auracheck.
C1: A Cold Blade Like a Shadow
Lynette's C1 has pull radius of about 6m - YouTube - @mgr
Arkhe: Ousia Enigma Thrust can proc the reset on Sacrificial Sword. - YouTube - @jyro10
Neither Lynette's Skill or Burst can Guoba swirl. - YouTube , YouTube - @mgr
A magic assistant of few words, her emotions are as inscrutable as any cat's.
Lynette Mains Discord
Full Lynette Written Guide-->
Lynette Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Stamina regenerates while in Lynette's Pilfering Shadow State from her hold Skill.
Arkhe: Ousia Enigma Thrust can proc the Skill reset passive on Sacrificial Sword.
The Skill cannot Guoba swirl.
The absorption priority on her burst is Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro. For more information, read this Vault Entry.
The burst cannot Guoba swirl.
The pull radius is about 6m.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - YouTube , Google Docs - @kolibri..
Grin-Malkin Hat created by Prop Arrow snapshots on creation. - YouTube - @luno
Lyney's Prop Arrow from his Charged Attack can hit multiple enemies grouped very closely together. - @anoddmedium
YouTube - 100% CRIT Rate (Slingshot); Prop Arrow = 18629
Lyney Hat Interaction With MH
Lyney hats sometimes don't get an MH stack from the CA that created it. This may depend on ping and distance to your target
CA into CA
Better understanding of MH's effectiveness on Lyney
Lyney can not lose vertical height during the Grim-Malkin Cat state, allowing him to fly for a short duration. - YouTube - @soulfish
Lyney's Burst gives him 50% Damage Reduction - @f99shi
Imgur - Solo
Imgur - With Xingqiu (proof that its additive with other sources of Damage Reduction)
Amos' Bow and Slingshot interaction with Grim-Malkin Hat's Pyrotechnic Strike is as follows. The bonus is calculated as if the charged attack was fired the moment Pyrotechnic Strike was launched (regardless of Lyney's Prop Arrows). If Elemental Skill was being used to detonate the Grim-Malkin Hat, the time is counted as 0s. - @bobrokrot
Level 60/60 (no A4 passive) Lyney with no DMG% bonused was being used. A quick calc shows that, in these particular tests, Pyrotechnic Strikes were considered as being flying between 0.3-0.4s.
Lyney's Charged Attack that drains HP does not get it's own 12% Crit Rate stack of Marechaussee Hunter -
YouTube - @chronopolize
Lyney's Pyrotechnic Strike can trigger Beidou Burst's coordinated attacks if he is on-field -
www.youtube.com - @chronopolize
A famed Fontainian magician who possesses great stage presence as well as gift of the gab. Audiences are enthralled by his exquisite skills, and they hang on to his every clever word.
Lyney Mains Discord
Full Lyney Written Guide-->
Lyney Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Spiritbreath Thorn Interval: 6s
Grin-Malkin Hat created by Prop Arrow snapshots on creation.
This may or may not obtain an MH stack from the attack that created it depending on ping and distance to enemy.
Lyney's Prop Arrow from his Charged Attack can hit multiple enemies grouped very closely together.
Amos' Bow and Slingshot interaction with Grim-Malkin Hat's Pyrotechnic Strike is as follows. The bonus is calculated as if the charged attack was fired the moment Pyrotechnic Strike was launched (regardless of Lyney's Prop Arrows). If Elemental Skill was being used to detonate the Grim-Malkin Hat, the time is counted as 0s.
Lyney's Charged Attack that drains HP does not get it's own 12% Crit Rate stack of Marechaussee Hunter.
Lyney's Pyrotechnic Strike can trigger Beidou Burst's coordinated attacks if he is on-field.
Lyney can not lose vertical height during the Grim-Malkin Cat state, allowing him to fly for a short duration.
Lyney's Burst gives him 50% Damage Reduction.
Full Talent Values
An disciplined mechanical swordsman.
Doesn't seem to have the ability nor will to speak, but instead only seeks to communicate with crossed swords.
It is said that this machine was made using the memories of the first-generation master of a certain sword school. However, it malfunctioned, lost control, and was ultimately discarded.
Some sing that the machine's spirit still lingers in the place where its fate was ended. They also say that the vicious mask that serves as its guard was inspired by a famous oni from that era.
Maguu Kenki uses several oni masks in battle.
Protective Mask: Summons an oni mask to protect it from ranged attacks if it is not performing one of its other attacks.
Pushing Mask: Summons a large oni mask in front of it before pushing it forward to deal damage.
Exploding Mask: Summons a large oni mask at the player's position that swirls uncontrollably before exploding.
Performs a dash creating afterimage behind.
Slashes at the player three times.
Enters a stance and rushes toward the player while drawing its sword.
Enters Iai stance and charges for a while before quickly slashing around itself once.
Slashes three times, following the player's current location.
The Maguu Kenki will clench and raise its fist to taunt its opponent if they are far away from it after an attack.
It is vulnerable to attacks while in this state.
At 71% HP, it will become invincible, summon an additional sword, charging up before slamming the ground for a wide AoE, creating crystalline spikes around it, dealing Anemo and Cryo damage.
While in this animation, it will be invulnerable.
Its' Health cannot be reduced under 70% without executing this attack, if an attack would deal more than 30% of his health at once before this, all overkill damage will be lost.
At 71% HP or lower:
Phantom: Teleports a short distance away, leaving a phantom in its original place. Both the Maguu Kenki and phantom attack consecutively.
Phantom: Enters a stance and charges, slashing rapidly around itself and dragging the player into its area of effect. The phantom appears close to the Maguu Kenki and slashes a larger area of effect. It may perform Dash in the process, making the phantom stay in place.
Phantom: Slashes three times, following the player's current location, while the summoned phantom follows closely after. The main body deals Anemo damage, the phantom deals currently Infused Elemental damage.
Hitlag can desync some of Maguu Kenki's attacks from their audio cues and phantom attacks, making it harder to properly dodge.
Boss at the end of the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual Quest.
This boss is fought at the end of the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual Questline, underneath the Sacred Sakura tree.
Unknown. Appears at lvl 88
Performs a laser attack at 75%, 50%, and 25% health thresholds.
Summons a Kairagi at 100%, 66%, and 33% health thresholds.
After summoning the first Kairagi it will shoot a series of orbs at the player every 6-7 seconds. These Orbs do very little damage, but do inflict poise damage, staggering the player after 2 waves of being hit.
Disappears in multiplayer.
Cant hold marks or statuses.
can only have a Cryo and Frozen aura. reactions with those work as normal.
Resistances can not be lowered.
can switch parties near it, even when being hit by orbs.
Frame data - @kolibri.. - Google Sheets , YouTube
The Rimestar Flare has to hit an enemy to spawn Rimestar Shards. - @casdela, @edisonsmathsclub - YouTube , YouTube
As long as Mika's hold Elemental Skill aiming ring visual touches an enemy's hitbox (not necessarily have to touch the model), it can lock on to said enemy, even if players aims at the ground or slightly to the left or right of target. Also the Rimestar Flare can auto aim, and can track down locked-on enemy as long as player releases Mika's Elemental Skill while the enemy's hitbox still touch the aiming ring. - @casdela
Against a slime: YouTube
Against lawachurl: YouTube
Mika's skill autotarget aims for the target, and not necessarily the head, even if aiming at it. - @bobosawr - YouTube
Mika's skill can hit weakspots, however his aim is quite bad. - @bobrokrot - YouTube , YouTube
Detector stacks carry over to other teammates after you swap to them. (Also note that A4 takes into consideration any crit hits, not only crits from normal attacks.) - @bobrokrot
Mika's E crits and gives a Detector stack, swap to Eula and she has 10% phys bonus. - YouTube
As such, doing Burst > Skill compared to Skill > Burst is slightly more beneficial for Mika due to a chance to gain a Detector stack earlier (so that your Physical dps starts attacking with the Physical DMG Bonus).
Mika's Physical DMG buffs (Detector stacks) and C6 Physical CRIT DMG buff only affect the active character and are lost either immediately or within a very short time frame (<40 frames) after swapping. Mika's hold Skill does not generate shards in Single Target, so his A1 also does not give any Detector stacks in Single Target scenarios. This caps his DMG buff at a maximum of 10% before C2, and 20% on or after in Single Target.
Video credit to @isilas: YouTube
Sheet: Google Docs
In both the video representation (number) and sheet damage comparison, you only get 2 Detector stacks - one from A4 (Crit with both Mika Skill and Burst active, Eula has 100% CRIT Rate in video), and one from C2 (initial hit of hold Skill). No Detector stacks are gained from A1.
Therefore, to utilize Mika's buffs, your character must be active (on-field). There is either no or not enough linger to buff Eula's Lightfall explosion if triggering via swap. Mika requires multiple targets to utilize his A1 passive.
A young knight born to an ordinary family. He serves as a Front-Line Surveyor in his Company. He is a low-key and cautious character.
Mika Mains Discord
Full Mika Written Guide
Mika Quick Guide
# Minute Video Guide to Mika
take frames (with hitlag -> na column) and mv/s from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l5DOZ6RgYYMIxMtJtd7oQNL9WWVNXcQL0nwan7q7QGc/edit?usp=sharing
take poise damage (rounded to 2 decimal points) and impulse type from https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/InterruptionResistance/Data or the character's wiki page
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The Rimestar Flare has to hit an enemy to spawn Rimestar Shards.
As long as Mika's hold Elemental Skill aiming ring visual touches an enemy's hitbox (not necessarily have to touch the model), it can lock on to said enemy, even if players aims at the ground or slightly to the left or right of target. Also the Rimestar Flare can auto aim, and can track down locked-on enemy as long as player releases Mika's Elemental Skill while the enemy's hitbox still touch the aiming ring.
Mika's skill autotarget aims for the target, and not necessarily the head, even if aiming at it.
Mika's skill can hit weakspots, however his aim is quite bad.
Detector stacks carry over to other teammates after you swap to them.
As such, doing Burst > Skill compared to Skill > Burst is slightly more beneficial for Mika due to a chance to gain a Detector stack earlier (so that your Physical dps starts attacking with the Physical DMG Bonus).
Mika's Physical DMG buffs (Detector stacks) and C6 Physical CRIT DMG buff only affect the active character and are lost either immediately or within a very short time frame (<40 frames) after swapping. Mika's hold Skill does not generate shards in Single Target, so his A1 also does not give any Detector stacks in Single Target scenarios. This caps his DMG buff at a maximum of 10% before C2, and 20% on or after in Single Target.
Mika's Physical DMG buffs (Detector stacks) and C6 Physical CRIT DMG buff only affect the active character and are lost either immediately or within a very short time frame (<40 frames) after swapping. Mika's hold Skill does not generate shards in Single Target, so his A1 also does not give any Detector stacks in Single Target scenarios. This caps his DMG buff at a maximum of 10% before C2, and 20% on or after in Single Target.
Full Talent Values
Different weapons with the Millennial Movement effect can stack, however effects of the same buff-type will override each other.
For entries that have little practical use.
Characters than can pull/suck items with their abilities (i.e Jean E, Venti Q), all have a limit. This limit can be affected by in-game FPS, depending on the specific ability. For more information visit our evidence page.
Almost all Elemental Bursts that have a zoom animation will reset the directional pad on mobile (with the only known exception being Childe's Ranged Burst).
Bursts that have no zoom animation (either by design or by canceling the zoom) will not reset the directional pad.
You can juggle fruits that are freshly harvested from trees. Unfortunately, once they have been on the ground for a certain amount of time, nothing will affect it anymore.
At least two of the birds (one near Azhdaha and one in Guyun) die very often of drowning, usually before the player even sees them, though their death is also occasionally observed, and they may even sometimes survive.
You can use this to get free fowl.
Without using any Elemental Skills/bursts, the glider, or characters/weapons not freely available to every account, is it possible to climb to the peak of the fully grown Frostbearing Tree? The answer is yes.
The Kamuijima Cannons in Inazuma can cause friendly damage to yourself, as well as other players in Co-op.
Average party level warning/zone level/enemy level color warning is a lie, only highest level character is accounted for.
Every character model is capable of rolling in place.
In order to perform it, you need enough movement speed and then proceed to jump from being idle -> hold W while falling.
Depending on character model, you need up to the following movement speed in order to roll. These are upper bounds and it might be possible to roll with lower values but way harder to execute.
Child female - 10%
Adult female - 10%
Adult male - 25%
Teen male - 35%
Teen female - 35%
The Traveler has more than 0 friendship points but less than 10 and does not accumulate.
The daily cap for being able to receive drops is 400 elites and 2000 common mobs.
The maximum amount of damage that a character can take when doing a Plunge Attack is 40% of their max HP.
All Statues of the Seven can heal you while you are in a menu (map, adventure book, etc.).
Some Statues of the Seven's teleport places you close enough to heal from them, these include:
Mondstadt - Stormterror Lair Statue
Liyue - Statue near Qingyun Peak
Liyue - Statue in Dihua Marsh
Liyue - Statue in Mingyun Village
Inazuma - Sangonomiya Island Statue
Inazuma - Tsurumi Island Statue
Undiscovered Statues of the Seven will revive characters, but not heal them beyond that.
The doors in the Knights of Favonius HQ act as a mini load border, which can make some very interesting things happen. Only doors that fit these conditions will work:
Must have an interact prompt to pass through.
Don't reload the whole area around the player when entering/exiting
Are not sliding doors (Inazuma sliding doors do not work).
The CRIT Rate and damage of the Bokuso Box scale off of the stats of the character that is on-field when it is used.
Some Passives have a distance limit, meaning they can't be triggered when the player is too far away from the enemies. See this Vault Entry for more information.
By following these steps, using stoves and Geo Constructs, players can potentially ascend indefinitely until they run out of stoves. This can be done in Singleplayer and Multiplayer.
Compared to regular NPC hitbox propulsion, characters will also be launched at greater speed and distance with Karkata. It is also possible to move Karkata using Geo Constructs and to move Karkata by running into him with the assistance of Geo Constructs. See this Vault Entry.
Using a non-canceled 5 Elemental Burst or opening a UI menu on PC will reset walking mode to running mode, but not on mobile. See this Vault Entry for more information.
Specialty dish rates are affected by dish rarity and quality. See this Vault Entry for more information.
Slimes that are in barrels or Frozen can blink.
Certain characters buffs and/or infusions are limited by a finite vertical range, while others showcase near unlimited vertical range. See this Vault Entry for more information.
The birds inside the cages of The Chasm underground camps have some weird behavior. See this Vault Entry for more information.
Anemo units Elemental Skills and Bursts activate Anemograna on cast. This conversely applies to Cryo units with Mutated Anemograna.
Character Constellations are actually 3D!
Item pickup speed slows down in higher ping environments.
Elemental Conversions are inconsistent in their visual properties when viewed in Elemental Sight. See this Vault Entry for more information.
Polearm users, after plunging for some time, will start to have various changes on their visual effects. See this Vault Entry for more information.
For some characters, if they use an Elemental Skill and sit in a chair at the same time (pressing F and E at the same time for PC users), while the Skill will not activate (and as such the Skill cooldown will not start), the game will still "treat" the Skill as if it had activated, which causes effects like Crimson Witch 4-Piece to stack.
This can also be performed by interacting with an NPC or a poster instead of a chair.
Aiming with the Harpastum Ball gadget allow character to quickly cancel their animation in combat. This cancel is slightly faster than jump/dash cancels. However, this doesn't work for Charged Attacks.
Kamera Gadget can cancel knockback.
Both the Kamera gadget as well as the Special Kamera gadget can be used to "cancel" knockback (instead of flying through the air, the character slides backwards). It can also be used to cancel a dash off of a ledge or the bounce of Bennetts charge level 2 (which seems to behave identical to receiving knockback).
To do this, you have to take a picture at the moment where you get hit/leap off a ledge. The method used is to take photos in rapid succession, by pressing "esc" and "y" quickly after one another. This makes timing the photo easier.
By swapping characters at the right time when you are about to be Frozen, it's possible to cancel it. See this Vault Entry for a video demonstration.
Some characters can keep their weapons if you change them mid sheathing animation, but only when the golden Particles start appearing.
In patch 1.2, Razor and Beidou are the two of the best choices for tanking Electro DMG from an enemy of ANY level, without damage reduction like the reduction provided by Xingqiu's Elemental Skill, with unlimited resources. However, Hu Tao beats them both.
To tank one hit from an enemy of level in overworld, without damage reduction eg XQ, certain comps/etc will excel for each damage type.
Sacrificial Weapons' passives and the 4-Piece Gambler effect can trigger on Wildlife that drop items (birds and beasts), but does not trigger on Wildlife that act as an interactable item pick-up (material sources).
Some debuffs will affect animals such as dogs, cats, and foxes. See this Vault Entry for details.
Some Skills and passives (like Kazuha's A4 and Freedom-Sworn's) can affect certain species of fowl (Ducks & Cranes), but not on pigeons.
If you switch from character A to character B in a high-ping environment, then immediately enter Photo Mode, you can use expressions from character A on character B.
Narukami Shrine Fortune Slip Probabilities
There are 16 possible fortune slip results, each with a unique lucky item. The probability of each fortune slip result (and therefore each lucky item) is equal. However, some fortune slips share the same fortune type. The likelihood of each fortune type is the following:
Great Misfortune = 1/16 = 6.25%
Misfortune = 2/16 = 12.5%
Rising Fortune = 2/16 = 12.5%
Modest Fortune = 4/16 = 25%
Good Fortune = 3/16 = 18.75%
Great Fortune = 4/16 = 25%
A Study In Potions
The retry button in the event is a full team reset. All cooldowns including weapon passive cooldowns, Elemental Skills, Elemental Bursts and character constellations are fully reset as well as HP and Energy.
When placing the Portable Waypoint in certain places such as The Crux and teleporting from a location with an abnormal weather effect, it will be transferred to where the Portable Waypoint is.
Portable Waypoints don't prevent Sheer Cold from accumulating on Dragonspine, unlike regular waypoints.
Teleporting to a Portable Waypoint resets enemies while regular waypoints don't have this behavior.
Hidden wall clip spot in Liyue Merchant Stall
In Liyue Harbour there's a hidden location behind a stall that allows characters to clip through the walls and infinitely plunge.
Three Realms Gateway Offering
The Bokuso Box can proc weapon passives and talents that proc on-damage.
Login Screen Time Change
The game sets the following Login Screens for different time period:
Dawn - 04:30 to 07:29
Day - 07:30 to 16:29
Dusk - 16:30 to 18:29
Night - 18:30 to 04:29
Kuki Shinobu's melons, and the campfire she uses to roast them in particular, have some odd properties.
Bad Device Co-op Experience
The experiences of players using bad devices (either poor connection, processing power) have many peculiarities.
For cases where players using bad devices can observe enemies spawn in normally, enemies stand still and do not have shields until they fully spawn for every players, they don't have auras, can't be applied auras nor debuffs, their HP reset once they spawn fully for everyone.
Lisa's Burst from other players don't attack enemies until they spawn fully for everyone
For cases where players using bad devices, enemies will teleport away shortly after spawn and are attacking as soon as they spawn, enemies do not stand still and they attack other players as normal, their HP and shields don't reset, some enemy attacks and reaction can still hit bad device players before spawning for them.
Particles doesn't spawn until enemies spawn (Raiden Burst energy regen still works)
Going into certain menus can also get the player stuck inside them until enemies "spawn" for them.
For more details, check out this entry in the Evidence Vault.
A Strange Visual Effect That Only Shows Up When Holding Sprint
Holding down sprint in specific cases produces a Strange Effect.
Some enemies don't count as combat
Small Armored Crabs on land can be aggro'd by the player without it counting as combat. Land Blubberbeasts can't be aggro'd at all
100K Tickets Event Hall of Fame
The winning "TC" entries of our KQM 100K Event, as well as some of our Scholars personal favourites.
Cows of Teyvat
A work of literature and painstaking research born from many hours' worth of wikia trawling, humorous insanity, and general Puffinlike bullshittery. Please enjoy reading this collaborative report from the foremost author on bovine subjects of Teyvat, and look forward to its sequel: "Horses of Teyvat".
Radius of Teyvat
Calculate gravity on the surface of Teyvat, height of Celestia, and use it to find the radius of Teyvat.
Keqing is Better than a Spoon
A lighthearted and very scuffed "comparative analysis" between the strengths of Genshin Impact character "Keqing" and real-life stainless steel utensil "Spoon". Includes techniques borrowed from the great.
Some lizards in Teyvat can spawn mid-air then fall without taking any damage. Let's unravel one of Teyvat's biggest magic trick.
Eula Lawrence Is Best Girl And Every Other Opinion Is Factually Wrong
Written by Magnus
For entries that have little practical use.
Vertical Range of Certain Abilities
Certain characters have a finite vertical range for the buffs and/or infusions from their abilities, while others seem to have near infinite vertical range.
Bennett has either infinite or a very long range on his Burst healing Pyro infusion from c6, Pyro DMG bonus from c6. etc.
Chongyun has either infinite or a very long range on Skill infusion, ATK speed etc.
Jean has either infinite or a very long range on her Burst. (Video courtesy of)
Gorou's Skill vertical range is a little shorter than Venti's hold E + Zhongli stone stele visible by visual indicator. (Video courtesy of Aevean)
Ganyu's A4 Passive's vertical range is a little shorter than Venti's hold E + Zhongli stone stele visible by visual indicator. (Video courtesy of)
Shenhe's A1 Passive's vertical range is little shorter than Venti's hold E + Zhongli stone stele visible by visual indicator. (Video courtesy of)
Diona's C6 and healing has vertical range which is shorter than Zhongli's stone stele and longer than GMC's meteorite.
Zhongli Stele (YouTube)
GMC Skill (YouTube)
Better understanding of vertical range mechanics for certain characters.
Statue Healing Works In Pause Menus
statue healing (the passive healing you get while standing near a statue of the seven) continues through pause menus.
when teleporting to certain statues, the player spawns in a spot close enough to trigger statue healing.
List of "automatic" statues.
Mondstadt - Stormterror Lair Statue
Liyue - Statue near Qingyun Peak
Liyue - Statue in Dihua Marsh
Liyue - Statue in Mingyun Village
Inazuma - Sangonomiya Island Statue
Inazuma - Tsurumi Island Statue
all other statues work as intended, you have to walk upto them to trigger statue healing.
healing works through pause menus - YouTube
a normal statue, for comparison - YouTube
automatic healing statues - YouTube
healing works through pause menus + automatic healing - YouTube
Combining the above findings, a player can save some clicks and time when healing using a statue of the seven.
Item Suck Limits
Finding: Every ability / taunt that can pull mob has a limit. These limits differ from each other, ranging from 13-15.
Some can also be affected by In-game FPS.
Jean E - 14
Kazuha Hold/Tap E 14
Jean E 13(30fps)
Kazuha Midare Ranzan 13 (60fps)
Kazuha Midare Ranzan 13 (30fps)
Sucrose E/Q 13
Venti Q 14
Sucrose E/Q 13(30fps)
Venti Q 14 (30fps)
Qiqi idle 13
AMC E 13
AMC Q picked up 15 and dropped 2 along the way
AMC E 13 Q 14 (30fps)
Significance: Documentation of the existence and specifics of certain characters suck/pull limit.
Bird go poof.
At least two of the birds (one near Azhdaha and one in Guyun) die very often of drowning, usually before the player even sees them, though their death is also occasionally observed, and they may even sometimes survive.
Free fowl. Also whoever is coding the animals is probably trolling.
For some characters, if they use an Elemental Skill and sit in a chair at the same time (pressing F and E at the same time for PC users), while the Skill will not activate (and as such the Skill cooldown will not start), the game will still "treat" the Skill as if it activated, which causes effects like Crimson Witch 4-Piece to stack.
New theoretical highest DPS ceiling for some units who aren't able to typically stack CW (like Hu Tao and Xiangling).
Door Load Border Shenanigans
Certain doors in the overworld, i.e Jean's Office Door and the door to Lisa's Library in Favonius HQ, for some reason seem to contain a mini load border. Walking through said border seems to cause the game to reload everything on the other side, which causes some interesting things to occur.
Some abilities are duplicated at the point of their duration when walking through the border. (an example being Ayaka Q, where every time you walk through the border another Ayaka Q spawns on top of where the first one is)
These duplicated abilities are real, not just vfx loaded in( a duplicated Venti Q can still absorb Pyro from a character standing in Bennett Q)
For some reason some abilities can be effectively restarted by walking through the load border just as they end, causing another copy to appear at the start of the ability's animation effectively doubling the ability's duration.
This can occur on both sides of the load border.
Guoba just stops working?
did not affect Ganyu A4.
coop partners can load in and out depending on the distance from the load border.
construct replacement order seems to be completely thrown off course by them respawning.
Keqing Q (Credit to) YouTube
Venti Q YouTube
Multiple Stacked Abilities YouTube
Lisa Q YouTube
Jean Q YouTube
Ganyu Q YouTube
Fischl E 0:18 (The summoning sound replays [Sound Warning]) YouTube
Aloy E YouTube
Mona E (Credit to) YouTube
Ganyu E (Credit to) YouTube
Keqing E (Credit to) YouTube
Shenhe Q (Credit to) YouTube
Ayaka Q (Credit to) YouTube
Kokomi E (Credit to) YouTube
Venti Q absorbing Pyro ( you can actually see a new one being created after the absorption that is still non absorbed) YouTube
Venti Q restarts at 0:09 YouTube
AMC Q and Guoba respawn YouTube
Inside Door YouTube
Outside Door (Credit to) YouTube
Guoba just stops shooting fire after going through the door a couple times YouTube
Ganyu A4 does not stack in multiple Ganyu Q's (Credit to) YouTube
Coop partner loading in and out (Credit to) YouTube
Coop partner not loading in until you get close to the door (Credit to) YouTube
Construct replacement order is different at the end than at the beginning (Credit to) YouTube
VERY fluff, unless miHoYo decides to put Jeans Office in abyss this serves little to no purpose, it is quite cool though.
Theory: In patch 1.2, Razor and Beidou are the two of the best choices for tanking Electro DMG from an enemy of ANY level, without damage reduction like the reduction provided by Xingqiu's Elemental Skill, with unlimited resources. However, Hu Tao beats them both.
Razor has 80% Electro RES and was originally considered to be the best Electro Tank. However, enemy level infinity calcs for each enemy revealed that Beidou was superior at level infinity. The main reason is that there is no good transferrable shield for Electro DMG, as well as the fact that RES caps at 140%. The best Electro shield is Beidou counter, and the best transferrable Electro shield is C1 Beidou, which is around half the size of Beidou counter.
Building Beidou as the tank/shielder in one allows for a much larger shield the more investments there are into HP, though she has less base DEF than razor. Thus, Beidou scales better with HP and Razor scales better with DEF. But due to the nature of the DEF formula, where the benefit of defense decreases with enemy level increases, HP outscales DEF, and thus Beidou should and does outscale Razor.
In order to calculate questions like: When does Beidou outscale Razor? Has Razor been outscaled from the very beginning? and What are the best artifacts/compositions to tank Electro DMG? a program coded in Turing (available here: Pastebin) was used.
For an arbitrary range of levels (1-100), assuming optimized builds without damage reduction (DR) against Electro damage in the overworld, Razor during his Burst is tankier than Beidou holding counter.
For this terribly impractical range of levels, 1 to 100, Razor's best weapon would be whiteblind, a c1 max HP build Beidou for his shield, and an A2 Zhongli to boost his shield%. He would take Thundersoother and Bolide, with 3 DEF% mainstats, 15 HP substats, and 10 DEF substats, prioritizing %HP/DEF substat choice over flat HP/DEF.
In a less optimized setting, Razor benefits more than Beidou as his strongest point is the Electro RES%, which does not need to be built for. Beidou needs HP% to scale both herself and her shield. Thus, even if you totally failed artifact grinding and got a terrible mainstats for Razor like ATK%/Phys%/CR%/CDMG%, with little HP or DEF substats and instead unluckily rolled into CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG -- definitely a really bad build in general -- Razor would still be tankier than Beidou. However, if the damage is spread out over time in smaller bursts, Beidou can mitigate the damage entirely with her counter more easily than Razor, though if Razor also has a shield he can do the same. If so, in this theoretical scenarios, healing from a support would be incredibly helpful. This is because in general, as long as your HP does not reach 0, regaining HP via healing will tend to make you live longer.
If DR is not banned, Beidou also has a large amount of DR, which scales very well with other sources of DR. In this case, stacking DR via Beidou/Xingqiu/Jean with C6 will eclipse traditional methods of tanking damage, as damage reduction can be stacked to 100%.
Note that these conclusions are accurate only to 1.2. In 1.3, Zhongli's new shield will be stronger than Beidou's C1 shield for Electro damage. In fact, Razor's EHP at enemy level infinity will be greater than Beidou's EHP at enemy level infinity, or vs reaction type or monster Skill effect damage. Thus, it is predicted that in 1.3, Razor will be the BiS tank at all enemy levels from 1 to infinity. These predictions are indeed true as of 1.3. Note that at some point in 1.3, the 140% RES cap was removed, and Razor becomes even better.
Nevertheless, everyone in the game gets absolutely smacked by C6 Hu Tao's 200% Elemental Resistance, which makes all of this math pointless.
Significance: The Electro slimes will overtake us soon, and it's necessary to know how best to defend against them.
Spawn Aura Tanking
Theory: To tank one hit from an enemy of level in overworld, without damage reduction eg XQ, certain comps/etc will excel for each damage type.
Evidence: Damage reduction from DEF is DEF/(DEF + 5 enemyLevel + 500). This is 0 when enemyLevel = . Thus DEF is negligible and the 'Tank' builds for shield%, RES%, and HP. Viable artifacts are 2-4Miracle, 2Bolide, and 2TS/2LW. Choices have tradeoffs (eg Miracle is 4 and thus trades HP for RES). Shield characters simply max shield scaling stats.
Zhong A2 +25% shield. A4 Diona decreases the enemy ATK by 10%, multiplying effective HP by 10/9. C4 Ning +10% Element RES. However, Zhong+Ning lose 15% RES from Canopy, meaning only one should be run. Diona, the 2nd best transferable raw Shield behind Zhong, can run Ning, and is superior when Element RES% is limited (dendro). Pyro/Cryo run Xinyan/Diona due to 2.5x bonus on their shield.
Razor has +80% RES but his BiS Shield C1 Beidou is small, and RES caps at 140%. Thus Beidou is BiS Electro Tank/Shield.
Each viable combination of artis/comp/etc is compared to find these conclusions in this spreadsheet.
Significance: Why of course, this is incredibly significant and changes everything. In terms of things to build, Diona is a BiS char on every comp. Electro is the cheapest, as Beidou is both Tank and Shield, but is the most specialized. In general, Jean/Summit Shaper is used in 7/8 comps, while Zhong is used in 5/8 comps.
More Significance to these already earth-Shattering, mind-bending calculations, due to the discovery of spawning aura mechanics. Essentially, they ignore Damage Reduction and DEF, which is identical in execution to the previously hypothesized enemies that ignore DR and have a level of infinity, rendering DEF useless. For this reason, ATK% debuffs on enemies will also be ignored in calculations. This introduces slightly more practicality to these calculations, though the practicality of this work has already approached infinity so it makes little difference.
Thus, the question posed is no longer how much damage can you tank from a lv infinity enemy without DR. It is, how much damage can you tank from a spawning aura in one hit?
In the first half of the 1.3 update, the Geo rework meant that Geo shields would become stronger for non-Geo elements, and weaker against Geo. The implications of this were that while Geo tanking ability became noticeably worse, some other elements benefitted greatly. Thanks to Zhongli's new shield totally eclipsing Beidou's C1 shield, Razor became the best Electro tank by far. Due to the new nonspecificity of Geo shields, Geo joined the Hydro and Anemo group, being 72.36% of its former self. In the second half of the 1.3 update, the release of Hu Tao means that her C6 immunity to getting oneshot must also be banned, as it allows her to tank any single hit. However, her state afterwards where she gains +200% RES means she powercreeps every single other tank. Note that the RES cap seems to have been removed, though it is unclear whether it was during Xiao or Hu Tao banner's time period. Furthermore, Hu Tao also has the highest base HP in the game, though this is less significant than her C6 providing +200% RES.
Note that as a result, Electro is no longer the undisputed king of the Element you can tank the most of a single hit from a spawning aura. Pyro is now 1st, with Cryo a bit behind at 2nd, with Electro at 3rd. The other placements relative to each other remain unchanged. Hu Tao's excessive amount of RES means that she faces diminishing returns on RES. Pyro has the advantage of having a dedicated non Zhongli shield (Xinyan), and so does Cryo, with a bigger shield (Diona) as well. Both Electro and Pyro also enjoy their 2set which confers 40% RES. Though Pyro does not have the largest shield, its 40% RES 2set allows it to slightly pull ahead of Cryo, and Cryo is more significantly ahead of Electro. A larger gap also exists between Electro and the rest, due to Electro's 40% RES 2set. Also note that Dendro and Physical have been massively buffed, as it was difficult to acquire RES% for them. Hu Tao has significantly closed the previous gap between these two elements and the rest due to her universal 200% RES buff. Previously, the only source of PHYS RES% was the Protective Canopy Resonance, and the only source of Dendro RES was the Protective Canopy Resonance as well as the Tiny Miracle artifact set.
If MHY told you to pick an damage type to tank the most damage from a level enemy without damage reduction, the tier list is Pyro > Cryo > Electro > Geo = Hydro = Anemo > Dendro > Physical.
Climbing the Frostbearing Tree
Theory: Without using any Elemental Skills/bursts, the glider, or characters/weapons not freely available to every account, is it possible to climb to the peak of the fully grown Frostbearing Tree? The answer is yes.
Evidence: Kaeya, a free character, is used. This is not to imply that other free characters cannot climb the tree, and it is highly likely that other characters can also perform this feat. This evidence merely demonstrates that climbing the tree under the previously mentioned limitations is indeed possible. No food buffs/resonances/etc are used.
Step 1. Climb the trunk by holding forward and spamming the jump button. This is precise and can take many attempts. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRvU5e4B7GA
Step 1.5. Walk and jump up to scale the tree. YouTube
Step 2, Step 3. While scaling the tree, the first two obstacles can be "jumped around" from the left, as demonstrated. In fact, carefully walking around the branch is sufficient for step 2. YouTube
Step 4. Jump to the area just below the peak of the tree. Both the butterfly and the branch can be landed on. This jump is also somewhat precise. YouTube
Step 5. Jump to the peak of the tree from the butterfly. It is possible that normal attacking immediately after landing helps to stay on the branch. This step is very precise, and failing this step may lead to falling to ground level. YouTube
Significance: By mastering these Skills, you can climb the intimidating heights of the Frostbearing Tree with nothing but your bare hands. No Vision, Elemental powers, or even a glider, are necessary. Indeed, rolling for anything is unnecessary, as the free characters provided to any player are adequate, meaning not even whales have an insurmountable advantage. Climbing to the peak of the tree has incredible significance due to the fact that the local surroundings of the Frostbearing Tree are of a generally lower height. Thus, climbing the Frostbearing tree allows you to get the height advantage, and doing so under these limitations means you can perform such strategic maneuvers under the most dire and desperate of situations.
Being at a greater height confers immense benefits. Those at a significant height over others possess a birds-eye view of the battlefield, allowing them to observe their enemies from afar. The great military strategist Sun Tzu once said, "If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles." Furthermore, the advantage of height is not merely backed by military theory. In fact, it is has been a deciding factor throughout history. For example, Obi Wan cleverly defeated Anakin by utilising this intrinsic advantage unique to the high ground.
Also, you can perform a plunging attack off of the tree.
Note: This is a merge of 2 tickets
For some characters, if they use an Elemental Skill or Burst and use a dialogue box at the same time (pressing F and E at the same time for PC users), while the Skill will not activate (and as such the Skill cooldown will not start), the game will still "treat" the Skill or Burst as if it activated, which causes effects like Crimson Witch 4-Piece to stack or can trigger effects like 4-Piece Noblesse Oblige.
Chair cancel by Ayzel: Video
Talking to NPC cancel by sexyeboy69: Video Download
Poster cancel by Aluminum: Video Download
New theoretical highest DPS ceiling for some units who aren't able to typically stack CW (like Hu Tao and Xiangling). Also, can obtain 4-Piece Noblesse buff or Keqing's bonus CRIT Rate without actually using the Burst.
Aiming with the Harpastum Ball gadget allow character to quickly cancel their animation in combat. This cancel is slightly faster than jump/dash cancels. However, the cancel cannot be performed when your character is put into a state where Elemental Skill is not usable, such as while performing a Charged Attack.
Harpastum cancel demo: Video
Harpastum cancel frame counts: Google Sheets
Unable to use harpastum cancel during Charged Attack: Video
Because you can use the gadget in combat, holding the Skill button while having the Harpastum equipped act as a quick Skill animation cancels, that are are quicker than jump cancels, and does not cost stamina like dash cancels. This can potentially help melee character that prefer to not finish their attack combo due to long animation, such as Razor in the open world.
Video of two Hilichurls laying on the ground under a Sunsettia Tree in the outskirts of Mondstadt.
All other Audio has been reduced leaving only SFX, which has been increased during editing (Sound Warning: the Hilichurls wake up at the end).
You can clearly hear both Hilicurls snoring as they enjoy their afternoon nap.
Even the Hilichurls are taking it easy, don't forget to take a break from the game now and then.
4-Piece Gambler and Sacrificial Weapons Wildlife Interaction
Sacrificial weapons passives and Gambler 4-Piece effect triggers on fowl and raw meat sources, but does not trigger on CRITters (entire "Other" category from the archive).
Triggers on (fowl/raw meat sources):
Foxes: Imgur (displays only 4-Piece gambler)
Boars: Imgur (sac sword trigger), Imgur (gambler trigger)
Birds: Imgur (gambler trigger)
Squirrels: Imgur (sac sword trigger)
Does not trigger on (probably entire "Other" category)
Fireflies: Imgur (very end of video)
Wildlife that act as an interactable item pick-up (material sources) behave differently from wildlife that drop items (birds and beasts).
Use any expressions you want in Photo Mode
In high ping environment, switching character take some amount of time. Assuming you switch from A to B. If you use switching duration to enter photo mode, you can use expressions from character A on character B.
Smiling Ei UwU
Narukami Shrine Fortune Slip Probabilities
There are 16 possible fortune slip results, each with a unique lucky item. The probability of each fortune slip result (and therefore each lucky item) is equal. This means that for the 16 possible slip results, each one has a 1/16 chance to be received, or a 6.25% probability.
Not all fortune slips share the same fortune type however. For example, there is only one fortune slip that is a great misfortune, but there are four fortune slips that are a great fortune. This means that the odds of getting a great fortune is 4 times as likely. The likelihood of each fortune type is the following:
Great Misfortune = 1/16 = 6.25%
Misfortune = 2/16 = 12.5%
Rising Fortune = 2/16 = 12.5%
Modest Fortune = 4/16 = 25%
Good Fortune = 3/16 = 18.75%
Great Fortune = 4/16 = 25%
645 fortune slip results were collected over 1 month, and a histogram of the counts per lucky item was created. When graphed from great misfortune up to great fortune, the counts are roughly even showing no clear trend (see red trendline): Imgur
The lowest occurring item was the Curly Lizard Tail (Great Misfortune) at 5.1%. The highest occurring item was the Fallen Pinecone (Modest Fortune) at 7.8%. Variability in the data is attributed to the natural randomness in the slips: Imgur
When graphed by fortune type, the modest and great fortunes are the most likely, and the great misfortune is the least likely: Imgur
Getting the "Paimon's Lucky Day!" achievement is significantly easier than the "Just My Luck..." achievement. There is a 25% chance to get the Great Fortune, which means that 50% of people will get the "Paimon's Lucky Day!" by their 3rd slip. There is only a 6.25% chance of getting the Great Misfortune, which means that 50% of people will get the "Just My Luck..." by their 11th slip. This means that most people will be able to get both achievements within two weeks.
Fruit can stick to ground when left unattended
Finding: Fruit can be affected by Anemo suction as long as it doesn't stay on the ground for too long. Once they have been on the ground for a certain amount of time, nothing will affect it anymore. You can also indefinitely keep fruit in the air with enough Anemo Skills, and even import Mondstadt fruit into Liyue.
Evidences: Fruit juggle
Significance: Don't let your food touch the ground. Also allows for entertainment via juggling when out of content.
Enemy level vs. average party level
Enemy level colour is based on your highest owned character level, and current team level is irrelevant.
Enemy defense is based on the difference of level to the character attacking, the colour of enemy level does not affect that.
Average party level warning/zone level warning is a lie, only highest level character is accounted for.
First recording Thoma E damage aligns with 2nd damage calculation, proves that enemy level colour indicator has nothing to do with enemy defense calculation: Imgur
To get rid of "Dangerous Zone" warning, you only need to level one character.
Enemy level colour is an unreliable indicator.
All Models Can Roll In Place
Every character model is capable of rolling in place.
In order to perform it, you need enough movement speed and then proceed to jump from being idle -> hold W while falling.
Depending on character model, you need up to:
Child female - 10%
Adult female - 10%
Adult male - 25%
Teen male - 35%
Teen female - 35%
movement speed in order to roll. These are upper bounds and it might be possible to roll with lower values but way harder to execute.
Fluff, but might somehow help out with model differences in the future.
Kamera Gadget Knockback Cancel
Kamera Gadget can cancel knockback.
Both the Kamera gadget as well as the Special Kamera gadget can be used to "cancel" knockback (instead of flying through the air, the character slides backwards). It can also be used to cancel a dash off of a ledge or the bounce of Bennetts charge level 2 (which seems to behave identical to receiving knockback).
To do this, you have to take a picture at the moment where you get hit/leap off a ledge. The method used is to take photos in rapid succession, by pressing "esc" and "y" quickly after one another. This makes timing the photo easier.
Ledge dash cancel: YouTube
Knockback cancel: YouTube
Bennett charge level 2 cancel: YouTube
Knockback cancel/Fluff/investigating the influence pausing the game has on certain actions.
Traveler Has Hidden Friendship Meter
Does Traveler have a hidden Friendship meter and gain Friendship?
When Traveler is compared (i.e. sorted) with other characters with 0 Friendship, Traveler does not show up at the bottom. This might indicate that Traveler has more Friendship points. However, if Traveler (presumably) gains 20 friendship points from a commission and a character with 0 Friendship gains 10 friendship points from an event, Traveler will sort below the other character. This proves that Traveler has less then 10 friendship and thus never gained the 20 friendship points from the commission.
Traveler does not accumulate friendship points, but does sort higher than other characters with zero friendship.
A Study In Potions - Retry Button Mechanics
The retry button in the event is a full team reset. All cooldowns including weapon passive cooldowns, Elemental Skills, Burst Skills and character constellations are fully reset as well as HP and Energy.
provided by, (ty for compiling sheet) and
miHoYo apparently can implement a full reset button for a small event but cannot do so in the abyss which does not fully reset you. They are either incompetent, tone-deaf, lazy or simply don't give a damn. But next time there is a survey maybe let them know about this utter and complete nonsense.
Portable Waypoint Bug
When teleporting from a location with permanent weather or other effects on the map (such as lightning) to a Portable Waypoint in certain areas above or below the water (portions of the map that were added in 2.0 or zones that would get Paimon to yell at you if you went to far prior to 2.0), the game will transfer said effects to where the Portable Waypoint is located. These effects include permanent weather, lightning, wisps, and more. Prior to Patch 2.4b this would also replace the icon on the loading screen with the starting location instead of where the Portable Waypoint is placed.
Teleporting from the Pyro Regisvine to The Crux: Photo
Teleporting from Seirai Island facing The Crux: Photo
Teleporting from Yashiori Island to the middle of the ocean: Photo
Teleporting from Chinju Forest to The Crux: Photo
For travelers who would like to have specific lighting on The Crux for photo contests.
Hidden wall clip spot in Liyue Merchant Stall
Finding: A hidden spot in Liyue allows you to clip into the walls, and enter a hidden boxed area. Once you enter the area, youll be able to see outside the box, but others cannot see in. This spot also features an infinite fall/plunge area easy accessed by inch-walking towards the crevice.
To enter this area, teleport to the northwestern TP of Liyue Harbor, head northwest and head towards the water. Follow the video in evidence for further instructions. You should be able to go to the corner, jump-climb up, and jump-climb left. Note that if you infinite plunge, you will be stuck. You may also be viewed from below when in the fall area.
Daily Elite Cap and Common Mob Cap
The daily cap is 400 for elites and 2000 for common mobs, after receiving drops from these amounts of enemies they will stop dropping Ascension Materials and Mora.
Elites and common mobs capped on December 20, 2021: Google Sheets
Elites: received Mora amount to 200, 400, or 600; 400 times.
Common mobs: received Mora amount to <199; 1999 times.
The elite cap is 400 and the common mob cap is at least 1999, likely to be 2000. It is possible that some Mora is missed when teleporting in single player; time is paused when using the map in single player and Mora may not have reached the active character in time.
Plunge Attack Max Fall DMG Cap
Plunging at any height will normally have a damage cap of about 40% of the character's Max HP.
The plunge took place at an arbitrary height I thought to be extremely high after gliding a bit away from Qingyun Peak. The test plunge had Beidou at 18350 HP as max and pre-plunge HP, after the plunge her HP was 10966, which means she lost 40.2% of her max HP. The test was also carried out with Yanfei who had 6532 max HP, she lost 40.2% when starting with 100% and 40.9% HP, and died when plunging with 40.1% HP. This means that if your character's current HP is under ~40% of their max HP, they will die.
Beidou losing 40.2% max HP starting with 100% max HP: Video
Yanfei losing 40.2% max HP starting with 100% max HP: Video
Yanfei losing 40.2% max HP starting with 40.9% max HP: Video
Yanfei dying, starting with 40.1% max HP: Video
Plunging provides a speedier way of getting down from a high place without dying as long as you have enough HP.
Bokuso Box CRIT Rate and Damage Scale off of Character Stats
Bokuso Box CRIT Rate and damage scale off of character stats.
Affects Favonius passive procs and if you want to kill enemies with the box.
Stoves of Babel
Using stoves and Geo Constructs, a Traveler may near indefinitely ascend to Celestia until they are out of stoves.
Constructing the stairway to heaven:
Requirements: Stoves, 1 Albedo.
Recommended: 2 party members with Albedo, Parametric Transformer.
Player places stove1.
Place construct1 on stove1.
Everyone in the party gets on construct1.
A different player places stove2. Idling for some time before doing so is recommended, to make later timings more lenient.
Place construct2 on stove2.
Everyone in the party gets on construct2.
Repeat these steps until all Co-op players have placed their stoves.
Continually replace the construct that the party is standing on until a player's stove expires (5 minutes). This allows for that player to place a new stove. So far, the only construct capable of this is Albedo E.
8.5. Optional step: if using Albedo E, place a Parametric Transformer to prevent the elevator from ascending to make refreshing the construct easier. When its time to place the next stove, retrieve the Parametric Transformer to gain more height from elevation.
Repeat steps 1-8. This means the party will continually ascend as they place more and more floating stoves higher and higher. This is limited by the number of stoves in your inventory.
Note that when the team is waiting on a construct in step 8, the construct used must be Albedo flower because others are not aimable and/or are not instantly replaceable. Aim it straight down at the stove, from the edge of the flower. Misplacing the flower position on the stove can mean party members will fall down. This does mean that with more party members, the player placing the flower must be more precise. Alternatively, the non Albedo party members could float while the flower is being replaced through Venti E as an example, and landing on the new flower afterwards.
Stoves, Albedo, Parametric Transformer.
Geo Traveler or Zhongli (as of Patch 2.5, these two are the only ones who can perform step 8 to my knowledge).
Place Albedo E on stove.
Get on the albedo construct.
Idle until <30 seconds (I recommend ~10 seconds) left on the stove CD. Note that falling onto the stove directly from the flower keeps you on the flower. Also note that stove CD ticks down while the game is paused.
Place a new Albedo flower on the stove you're on.
Place a Parametric Transformer to prevent the elevator from ascending. This will "snapshot" its stability, and allow the flower to float in midair after the stove expires.
Place a new stove.
8.a. Option 1: Place a Geo Traveler E on the side of the stove, angled as perpendicular as possible to the upright stove. Stand at the edge, directly over the stove. After the boulder expires, the player will land and stay on the stove.
8.b. Option 2: Zhongli E placed precisely so it lands on the stove at an angle. After the pillar expires, the player will land and stay on the stove. Use NA/CAs to place characters at the edge of the flower, to place the stove and Zhongli opposite of each other.
Swap to Albedo. Retrieve Parametric Transformer.
Repeat steps 4-9. This means the party will continually ascend as they place more and more floating stoves higher and higher. This is limited by the number of stoves in your inventory.
Proof of concept demo, one cycle: YouTube video
Proof of concept demo, one cycle: YouTube video
Zhongli alternative proof of concept: YouTube video
1 Now the whole of Teyvat had one language and a common speech. 2 As people moved eastward, they found a plain in Khaenri'ah and settled there.
3 They said to each other, Come, lets make bricks and bake them thoroughly. They used brick instead of stone, and tar for mortar. 4 Then they said, Come, let us build ourselves a city, with a tower that reaches to the stars and the abyss, so that we may make a name for ourselves; otherwise we will be scattered over the face of the whole of Teyvat.
5 But the Sustainer of Heavenly Principles came down from Celestia to see the city and the tower the people were building. 6 The Sustainer said, If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them. 7 Come, let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other.
8 So the Sustainer scattered them from there over all the Abyss, and they stopped building the city. 9 That is why it was called Babelbecause there the Sustainer confused the language of the whole world. From there the Sustainer scattered them over the face of the Abyss.
Passive Activation Distance
Certain effects have activation distance limits that prevent them from working.
4TF (cooldown reduction)
4LW and 4TS
4TF (reaction DMG Bonus)
4CW (reaction DMG Bonus)
Something to keep in mind when doing long range activities.
Certain Actions Reset Walking Mode
Walking mode gets reset to running mode by certain actions on PC, but not on mobile.
Walking mode reset:
No camera angle change with 5 Elemental Burst on PC
Opening UI menu on PC
Walking mode persist:
Camera angle change of 5 Elemental Burst on PC
Any Skill/Burst (with jump/dash cancel) on mobile: Video 1, video 2
Crucial knowledge for people doing walking only challenges, ruining any remaining trust in HoYoverse consistency.
Not All Doors Are Equal
The only doors that do the funny reload thing with Elemental Skills and Bursts fit the following conditions:
Must have an interact prompt to pass through.
Don't reload the whole area around the player when entering/exiting
Are not sliding doors (Inazuma sliding doors do not work).
So far, the only doors that fulfil both those criteria are the three in the Knights of Favonius Office.
Floating Abode default mansion: None of the doors do the funny reload. Tested with Keqing E, Guoba, and Aloy E (all three did reload weird in og ticket).
Cool Isle/Emerald Peak default mansion: Doors don't reload funny. Tested with the same abilities as listed in 1.
Silken Courtyard default mansion: Doors do not do funny reload thing. Tested with same abilities as in 1.
Knights of Favonius: More evidence that the Knight of Favonius doors do the funny reload.
Wanmin Restaurant: It has no interactable prompt to enter/exit, does not do funny reload thing. Tested with same abilities as 1.
Kamisato Estate: Trying to see if door in the Kamisato Estate does the reload thing. It does not appear to extend timing (1:05 in video). Later in video, 1:58, her bombs explode with ~4sec left on her E timer. At 0:42 in the video, I throw Aloy's Skill and try running in/out of one of the doorways in the mansion, which does not reload her bomblets. Interestingly, this video (0:03 to 0:38) implies that Skill cooldowns still tick through loading screens. This is probably better tested by someone with faster loading times than me, since for all I know, Aloy's bombs could have been whisked into the void after I exited.
Inazuma sliding doors: These do not reload funny.
The Knights of Favonius are special.
Self-Freeze Can Be Canceled by Swapping
By swapping at the correct time around when you initially become Frozen, you can "unfreeze" yourself.
If you get really lucky you can avoid being Frozen.
Bokuso Box Can Proc Stuff
Bokuso Box can proc damage-related abilities.
Raiden Skill coordinated attack
Albedo Skill and Qiqi Talisman (credits to)
Jade Spear passive (credits to)
More evidence that Bokuso Box damage is indeed damage from the character.
Portable Waypoints Don't Stop Sheer Cold
Portable Waypoints don't prevent Sheer Cold from accumulating on Dragonspine, unlike regular waypoints.
Better understanding of Portable Waypoints.
Specialty Dish Rates
Specialty dish rates are affected by dish rarity and quality.
All of the dishes referenced have been cooked up to 2000 times either entirely with the specialty character and never eaten, or enough with the specialty character that the normally cooked/eaten ones are statistically insignificant. Note that the sample size is not large enough and some conclusions are broadened based on personal experience, but due to cooking too much without the specialty character I do not have recorded evidence to use for them. I don't have Eula and she has the only 4 specialty dish so I have no data on it.
1: 20% Delicious, 17% Normal, 10% Suspicious
2: 14% Delicious, 10% Normal, 8% Suspicious
3: 10-15% Delicious, 10% Normal, 5% Suspicious
I have biased data due to eating too many hash browns early game.
It's good to know.
Slimes in Barrels Blink
Frozen and barreled slimes blink.
Knowledge about the world, and its freaking cute uwu
Elemental Bursts Reset Directional Pad on Mobile
Almost all Elemental Bursts that have a zoom animation will reset the directional pad on mobile (only 1 known exception as of now). Bursts that have no zoom animation (either by design or by canceling the zoom) will not reset the directional pad. We can safely assume this trend for future characters without exhaustive testing.
Bursts with zoom animation that reset the directional pad:
Keqing, Jean, Albedo, Zhongli
Aloy, Qiqi, Diluc
Barbara, Childe (melee stance)
Ayaka, Kokomi, Kazuha, Ganyu
Hu Tao, Mona
Raiden, Yae, Eula, Klee
Burst with zoom animation that does not reset the directional pad:
Childe (ranged stance)
Burst with the zoom animation canceled:
Zhongli, Albedo, Jean
Childe (ranged stance), Ayato, Keqing
Childe (melee stance), Diluc, Qiqi
Ayaka, Hu Tao, Ganyu
Venti, Kazuha, Kokomi
Raiden, Yae, Eula, Klee
Do not have Mona evidence due to her Burst being exceptionally difficult to cancel
Bursts with no zoom animation:
Sucrose, Ningguang, Noelle, Yun Jin
Fischl, Beidou, Diona, Chongyun
Bennett, Xiangling, Sayu, Rosaria
Lisa, Xinyan, Sara, Kaeya
Traveler: Anemo, Geo, Electro
A (well-known) annoyance for mobile users, now documented. Sometimes, it's the game issue, not your Skill issue. Zhongli's pillar is now your best friend.
Chasm Glitchy Bird
The birds inside the cages of The Chasm underground camps have some weird behavior
All elements can be applied, can proc reactions - Imgur
Affected by RES Shred (visual effects, similar to other animals)
Affected by Lisa's Conductive status, like other animals
Procs "on hit" stuff (like other non-enemy objects, expected)
Attacks and Death
Cannot die to any attacks (it jumps like a cat), this is expected/intended
Dies upon touching water, but can stand on Frozen water - Imgur by
~~Drops 1 fowl and respawns back in the cage after teleporting~~
As of 2.7, it despawns when killed without dropping fowl
Can be displaced, but not knocked back (shown by Palm Vortex and Gale Blade)
Can be lifted by holding Gale Blade
Crowd control can move it out of its cage but not back in (but it will always respawn in the cage after teleporting)
Wind's Grand Ode can lift it - it will hover above the ground but keep jumping - Imgur by
Certain projectiles will disappear when they hit the bird, including bow normal/aimed shots and most catalyst projectiles
Can be trapped in Stone Stele and cannot be cc'ed when it's trapped, but teleports on top of Starfell Sword - Imgur
Slides down slopes
Animals Can Be Debuffed
Cats, foxes and dogs can be affected by some debuffs.
Affected by 4 Viridescent Venerer resistance shred - Imgur
Affected by C2 Klee DEF Shred - Imgur #1 , Imgur #2
Not affected by the resistance shred Zhongli provides - Imgur
Not affected by Lisa's defence shred - Imgur
Portable Waypoint Resets Mobs
Teleporting to Portable Waypoints resets the nearby mobs to their resting/default states, or their state before spotting the player. This is unique to Portable Waypoints, and does not apply to Statues of the Seven, or regular Teleport Waypoints.
Portable Waypoint reset demo
Using Portable Waypoint on same location
Statue of the Seven and regular waypoints don't reset
This effectively allows continuous resets without needing to jump to multiple waypoints. This also makes it more feasible to select specific test enemies that fit the needs of the experiment, but would otherwise be too much to bother testing on without Portable Waypoints.
Passive Activation On Ducks
Kazuha A4 and FS passive activates on fowl
Better understanding of character/weapon interaction with the wildlife of Teyvat
Does The Loading Screen Detect Time
The loading screen on launching the game detects the time on your device and sets the time of day accordingly
Genshin sets the following loading screens (Times given in 24 hour clock to avoid confusion):
Dawn - 04:30 to 07:29
Day - 07:30 to 16:29
Dusk - 16:30 to 18:29
Night - 18:30 to 04:29
YouTube - This video demonstrates that the screens change from xx:29 to xx:30
As we know, Jenshin Impact's anti-cheat has kernel level access to your device. It is then not hard to imagine that it would be possible for miHoYo to grab any data they wanted, such as the date and time and your payment details. It would also be possible for them to collect data on your daily habits, what topics interest you, what things make you likely to spend money and sell this data to advertisers who can use this data maliciously. Such anti-cheat tools often target drivers and software that have access to your hardware, such as overclocking tools, temperature monitors, fan controllers. This can cause performance issues, on top of the bad optimization, lag and ping issues we already face.
In conclusion, just go play minecraft.
Kuki Shinobu's Melons
Kuki Shinobu's melons, and the campfire she uses to roast them in particular, have some odd properties.
Unlike usual sources of overworld Pyro damage, like torches or burning grass or other campfires, this campfire only deals 4 damage per tick. Like other campfires, it is 1U transformative Pyro damage.
The campfire has similar properties to other campfires (hold Cryo gauge, pops Ayato E, and gets targeted by Oz if Fischl procs A1) but does not light up under Elemental sight, unlike regular campfires. This applies whether it holds Pyro, Cryo, or no Element at all.
Player constructs may be placed on top of the melons, but construct placements that would intersect with the melon hitboxes are invalid. Note that the hitbox is strange and somewhat unintuitive, and does not entirely match its appearance.
The melons are "slippery" in the sense that while the player may stand on them, approaching the melons with more than an arbitrary small amount of speed will cause them to slip off. For example, one may drop down onto the melons via climbing a construct, but performing a directionless jump straight up will cause the character to fall off. Character attacks, as usual, will not lead to them falling off the melons either, and neither will swapping characters.
This is a very strange result. First, roasted melons would not be slippery, as any surface moisture would be evaporated due to the heat of the campfire. Second, sticks usually used to skewer fruit would not be sturdy enough to support someone's weight.
The melons can be attacked to produce hitlag and a hitmarker. It also blocks projectiles, like any other solid object. Normal fruits skewered by sticks would get obliterated by an attack from a sword or spear.
As an addendum, the NPC Ushi does not resonate with Zhongli's E pillars. Note that earlier, Itto states that Ushi "can exorcise youkai and spirits."
4 Pyro transformative DMG (1U)
Elemental sight, Cryo application, 1U Pyro
Fischl A1 target
Ayato E pop
Albedo E on melons
note that "gadget constructs" are disabled within the quest area (maybe not stove) so I could not test them
It is obvious that the melons and the campfire are a dark ritual tool of some kind, employed by religious heretic Kuki Shinobu. Hoyoverse is a Chinese company, and in Chinese, 4 is an unlucky number because it sounds similar to the Chinese word for death. The campfire dealing 4 damage is no coincidence. Furthermore, its absence from Elemental sight and the non-Euclidean melon hitboxes are signs of a demonic rot setting in on the fabric of reality itself.
One may argue that the melons are not foul or evil in nature, as Itto quite liked the taste in the quest. However, Itto's enjoyment of the suspicious "slippery" melons can be attributed to the fact that he is an evil Oni of legend. Similarly, the ability to strike the melons, producing a hitmarker and hitlag, is indicative that they are on the side of evil. This theory also explains Ushi's inability to find a way out or to resonate with Zhongli's pillar -- Ushi, as an expert exorcist, was resisting the overwhelming power of Shinobu's diabolism.
These points shed light on the truth of Shinobu's backstory. Clearly, she was lying about her desire for freedom or whatever excuse she may have used. The truth was that she fled from and continues to avoid Grand Narukami shrine maidens, such as her family, in order to prevent them from exorcising and sealing her away. Shinobu is probably really bad at danmaku, given that she lacks a bullet dodging certificate, which explains why she chose to flee instead of fight. This also means that her profession of deputy leader of the Arataki Gang is merely a front for her to perform diabolic arts without suspicion.
Furthermore, her unwillingness to assist in fighting off the evil spirits while Xiao channeled his Energy into the compass is most likely not because she had her hands full with Itto. It is more likely that Kuki Shinobu was the mastermind behind the entire incident with the abyss, the chasm, and the compass.
Anemo and Cryo Skills and Bursts Proc Grana
Anemo units Elemental Skills and Bursts activate Anemograna on cast. This conversely applies to Cryo units with Mutated Anemograna.
Anemograna are procced on Skill cast and do not have to be on solid ground to proc.
May assist early game exploration within Teyvat and makes specific puzzles easier.
How To Keep Your Weapon Half A Second More
Some characters can keep their weapons if you change them mid sheathing animation, but only when the golden Particles start appearing.
weapons have are in a constant state of seizure pain or pleasure.
Character Constellations Are 3D
Character constellations are 3D
A pleasantly surprising discovery
Bad Device Co Op Domain Experience
Domain enemies don't spawn immediately for players playing on low-end device and the following things happen during that time.
When you see a "spawn" with the "", it means when the enemies spawn for the player with bad connection.
From the perspective of the player with low-end device enemies look like they just spawned in, like a Lawachurl will be unshielded, and they do not teleport around after spawning on player's side with a low-end device.
From the perspective of other players with no issues, the enemies are just standing still, not aggro'd.
Their HP bar reset upon "spawn".
They were standing still before the "spawn".
Cryo Abyss Mage has no shield and shield spawn at "spawn".
Enemies DON'T have aura (even Electro Slimes) and auras cannot be even applied.
Because enemies don't have and can't be applied aura, Kazuha Venti Burst won't get infusion unless it's a self infusion.
Enemies can't be debuffed.
Zhongli Burst don't petrify enemy before "spawn".
Lisa Burst doesn't attack enemies.
From the perspective of player on low-end device, sometimes enemies teleports shortly after spawning for them and are attacking as soon as they spawn for that player, and below are what happens in this condition:
They are attacking other players before spawning on the side of the player with bad connection/device/internet/ping/signal.
Their HP bar don't reset.
Abyss Mage shield HP don't reset.
Certain enemy attacks can hit you before "spawn" or the attacks spawn when the enemy "spawn".
Overload damage triggered on your teammates by enemy can damage you, not sure about other reactions.
They stand straight at where they spawn at their usual spawning spot for a moment before teleporting and continue the fight before the "spawn".
Particles doesn't spawn until enemies spawn (Raiden Burst energy regen still works).
Opening Co-op menu/Adventurer Handbook/BP/map/wish menu will get you stuck, all buttons on mobile gone. Not sure if it always continues until enemy "spawn".
Events menu will get you stuck but not until enemies have spawned.
Characters menu will not get you stuck but can't switch weapons and artifacts cuz the list/menu of other weapons/artifacts to switch with doesn't show up.
The inventory won't get you stuck and you can switch gadgets.
You can use Klee confetti gadget, wind current gadget, and windblume balloon gadget (maybe xiao lantern too) and your pet won't hide before enemies "spawn" while Co-op teammates are fighting.
Sheer cold accumulate as usual but walking out of the battle square makes the sheer cold meter go down.
Significance: Help prepare your heart when these happen in Co-op, hopefully (ps: it doesn't help).
A Strange Visual Effect That Only Shows Up When Holding Sprint
Hold sprint button while running/walking.
Gets , no hold sprint no visual thing effect shows up around character.
A visual effect shows up when holding sprint while walking/running, and no when not holding sprint while holding walking/running button. Formula: hold "walk" + hold "sprint" = , tap "sprint" = , hold "walk" + tap "sprint" =
Know how to make the cool effect show up, can make character fart...
Karkata Physics And Infinite Ascension Theory
Karkata has unique properties as an NPC. You can propel yourself off any NPC with the assistance of Geo Constructs to place yourself inside of their hitbox, but thanks to Karkata's unique NPC hitbox, it is much easier to achieve propulsion. Compared to regular NPC hitbox propulsion, characters will also be launched at greater speed and distance. It is also possible to move Karkata using Geo Constructs and to move Karkata by running into him with the assistance of Geo Constructs.
You can also displace Karkata upwards, and you can place a solid object like a gadget to catch them and suspend them in the air.
Moving a character with a spider: YouTube
Moving a character with a spider and vice versa: YouTube
Moving spider: YouTube
Moving cube with construct: YouTube
Moving cube with construct and catching with gadget: YouTube
It may seem to be the case that this knowledge of Karkata physics, in conjunction with the Stoves of Babel technique, allows one to hypothetically increase Karkata's height indefinitely until there are no more stoves to place. From the evidence, it is possible to displace Karkata onto a gadget. Once they are on a gadget, displace Karkata by using a Geo Construct (easiest is GMC E) to push Karkata. Use a stove in order to provide the surface for the construct. Use another gadget to 'catch' Karkata at their new position. Rinse and repeat in order to raise Karkata.
However, this model does not account for several issues. The biggest issue is the capabilities of Stoves of Babel movement. Stoves of Babel ascend at a pace much greater than the rate at which Karkata ascends, based on the height gained in the videos. Furthermore, the Stoves of Babel are incapable of lowering their vertical height. Therefore, once the player gains too much height, the player will not be able to freely place gadgets and constructs in order to keep raising Karkata. The player must remain close to Karkata, or the gadgets and Karkata will probably despawn, so dropping to the ground and rebuilding a new Tower of Babel is not feasible.
These issues could potentially be remedied in multiplayer, but as of now the behavior of the Stove gadget is currently not fully understood. It will persist after someone leaves in multiplayer, but the limit on the number of stoves is unknown. If players can indeed drop in at the current player location and place a stove and leave without limitations, then it would be possible to infinitely raise Karkata. There would be a large 'buffer zone' underneath Karkata, with many Stoves placed to allow for quick movement. With the help of the extra stoves to place constructs on, the players must raise Karkata a distance greater than the minimum height increase of the Stoves every 5 minutes.
Undiscovered Statues Of The Seven Will Revive Characters But Not Heal Them Beyond That
Undiscovered Statues of the Seven will revive Characters but not heal them beyond that.
Was beginning to explore the new region when I stopped to take a break standing next to the statue before interacting with it. I noticed while I was away it had revived my Scaramouche but had not healed him to full which was strange. Discovered statues still worked fine. YouTube
Edge case random factoid. Perhaps intended but not the expected outcome. The effect was able to be repeated multiple times. There is a possibility that it is just this specific Statue of the Seven, but it is unlikely.
Ping And Item Pickup Speed
Higher ping environments slow down item pickup speed.
Recorded at about 120ms, 250ms, and 450ms ping.
Test procedure: scroll to the top of the 3x batch of items, then mash F on the keyboard as fast as possible.
Perceptible slowdown going from 120ms to 250ms
At 450ms, it becomes possible to double-tap items.
Presumably, similar things happen with any other kind of menuing that produces or spends items. Those items are harder to record, though.
More understanding of the effects of high ping on gameplay experience
Inconsistent Conversions Elemental Sight
Elemental Conversions are inconsistent in their visual properties when viewed in Elemental Sight.
Alhaitham is a strange case where both his converted AND non-converted dual sword keeps its texture in Elemental Sight.
Ayato/Noelle/Childe/Hu Tao/Raiden are cases where upon conversion, their weapon keeps its new texture inside of Elemental Sight. Raiden is a peculiar one in terms of wording, as she is the only character whose Talent description includes the mentioning of "infused" while it is in fact a conversion and not an infusion.
There are many character who do NOT gain a colored/visually changed weapon viewable in Elemental Sight after conversion, but Itto sticks out as a strange case.
Itto is the sole character (that could be found) whose entire weapon changes, but the new weapon does NOT keep its texture when viewed in Elemental Sight. You can see this in the video, as in Elemental Sight his weapon texture goes a dull brown rather than the bright orange that is visible outside of Elemental Sight (while the previously named characters who create new weapons all keep their textures and color).
Alhaitham dual swords: YouTube
Ayato Conversion: YouTube
Noelle Conversion: YouTube
Hu Tao: YouTube
Nothing gameplay wise, just interesting.
Polearm users, after plunging for some time, will have their visual effects start going haywire, elongating, thinning and eventually moving downwards. The effect is purely visual and has no impact on gameplay.
You now can admire the pole dancing abilities of your favorite female character.
Certain Enemies Dont Count As Combat
Armored Crab (small crabs) on land can be aggro'ed by the player but doesn't count as combat
Land Blubberbeasts can't be aggro'ed at all, and won't swim if pushed into the water
Arlecchino's Passive doesn't get trigger (sky doesn't darken, Pyro DMG Bonus doesn't increase); can change weapon
It's not necessary to kill the cuties to change characters, weapons, artifacts. Land and underwater Blubberbeasts are probably coded differently.
Frame data - Google Sheets
What Attack String Combo Outputs the Highest DPS for Mona?
2AA + 1 Charged ATK with Jump Cancelling (JC) provides the greatest DPS for Monas attack string.
Even without jump cancelling, 2AA + Charged provides similar DPS to Charged JC. Cementing that when Mona is attacking, it is ideal to try to maintain 2 AA + 1 Charged, even if you are not JCing. Note that if you run out of stamina, even 3AA + Charged is still better than 4AA JC.
Mona 3rd AA has Two Different Animations
Mona's 3rd AA has Two Different Animations
When executing N3 or further, Mona's 3rd AA will either jump backwards or jump forward depending on the distance her target is relative to her position.
The exact distance threshold is about the size of Abyss' outer circle's diameter. In the case the distance is smaller than this diameter, then Mona's 3rd AA will cause Mona to jump backwards away from her target. Vice versa, if the distance is greater or equal to this diameter, then Mona's 3rd AA will cause her to jump forward towards her target.
As part of the Evidence, I've included a timer in the case that this affected Mona's MV calculations, but the differences seem insignificant.
Mona Forward AA3
Mona Backward AA3
Odd No-Target Behavior:
When attempting to do this with no targets in the Overworld, Mona has moments when she jumps forward and backwards interchangeably. However, this is likely due to how finicky targeting can be in non-combative Overworld scenarios. When attempting her N3 in an empty domain, Mona always jumps backwards except when near the area where we collect rewards. This inclines me to believe that Mona jumps backwards as the default for her 3rd AA as she likely targets something at the end of the domain arena causing her to jump forward and backward interchangeably only in that portion of the domain.
Mona Empty Domain (Middle): Imgur
Mona Empty Domain (End): Imgur
Not much as DPS Mona's optimal Attack string combo is 2AA + CA + JC. However, in the case of low-stamina scenarios, sequences that utilize her 3rd AA may be used. In these moments, how Mona jumps after her attack may provide positional advantages/disadvantages.
How many Elemental Particles does Monas Elemental Skill Generate?
Mona's E gens 3 or 4 Hydro Particles on explosion, seemingly weighted towards 3 Particles per cast.
The fact that Mona's Particle gen is seemingly random means there's an RNG aspect to getting her ult up consistently too. May warrant further testing on other characters to see if other fluctuations in Particle gen exists. May need to test whether the Particle generation is truly random or if there is a pattern.
Mona Hold E has i-frames
Mona hold E has i-frames.
Extra findings by:
Oddly enough, dodging with mona hold E will still have auras applied to her: Imgur
Also strangely, you can sometimes take knockback but no damage: Imgur
Utilizing for dodging.
Is Monas Elemental Burst DMG determined at the time of Initial cast or at the time of Bubble Burst?
Monas Bubble Burst damage is determined at the time the bubble is actually triggered, rather than snapshotting on the immediate cast.
This will affect how you maximize Mona ult damage and means that you should remain on Mona after casting her Elemental Burst until the last moment where you switch to the Pyro character to Burst the bubble.
For example, in the perfect combo, the ATK buff provided by Bennetts Elemental Burst (Q) lasts for ~1-2 seconds after Mona is removed from the field (switched out)
During this time, you can Burst the bubble knowing that it will do more damage based on the extra ATK from Bennett's ult.
However, if you switch out for too long, Mona will lose the ATK buff and the bubble Burst will not benefit from the ATK buff.
Is the Omen Damage Buff included in Monas Elemental Q Burst DMG?
Yes, despite the talent description stating that Omen applies after the bubble pops, it in fact applies as soon as Monas Elemental Q Burst is cast. See alsos calculator which you can also use to verify these results.
You can see when calculations INCLUDE the Omen Damage buff DMG% values, you get the correct damage calculation to 3 significant figures.
See also: YouTube
In the first screenshot below. If I were to remove Omen from the calculations, the numbers become obscure and incorrect.
In the second screenshot below, If I were add back the Omen damage bonus to the calculations, we now see accurate numbers that matches up with the actual ingame testing results.
Omen Extension on Certain Enemies in Certain States
Illusory Bubble can be extended to its maximum duration in specific scenarios with certain enemies without using Freeze. The enemies that work are Shielded Lawachurl, leaping Geovishap, Shielded Pyrogunner, and Shielded Geochanter
Allows for longer use of Omen's buff to said enemies in team comps outside of Freeze.
Mona Q cannot pop on hyper armor
It's impossible to pop Mona's Q bubble on enemies that are completely stagger resistant (aka gained hyper armor).
Certain Skill/Burst cannot trigger the bubble. (Klee Q, Zhongli E).
Additionally, enemies that are "lift-able" by Jean's Elemental Skill by default, then it will also get trapped in Mona's Q stasis. But your Mona needs to be no more than 20-level lower than your enemy for this to work.
Stagger immunity spreadsheet by from Mona Mains:
Electro Cicin Mage is summoning cicins. Benny's Q does not trigger the bubble because summoning animation was not finished.
Mona level 70 vs. Electro Cicin Mage level 91 (21 levels different).
Mona Q did not trap Electro Cicin Mage in stasis due to level difference, however Benny's Q did not trigger the bubble either, because the summoning animation was not finished.
Mona level 70 vs. Pyro Fatui Agent level 90 (20 levels different).
Mona Q traps Pyro Fatui agent inside stasis due to level difference of 20.
Mona level 70 vs. Pyro Fatui Agent level 91 (21 levels different).
Mona Q doesn't trap the enemy, however benny's E does not trigger the bubble due to gained hyper armor.
Video from LACola Genshin Impact - bubble does not pop under constant barrage from Klee's Q
Better understanding and utilizing of Mona Burst.
Mona Omen Extension extended
Mona's Omen damage bonus can be extended due to a certain enemy's state(s). These states are divided into three categories. Stagger/poise resistant, Elemental shields and Elemental/Hyper armor. These enemy states are what influence Mona's omen extension outside of Freeze.
Stagger resistant - During a certain enemy's animation(s) state, the enemy is completely immune to stagger/poise damage. (Object shield enemies have a block animation state which is associated with stagger resistance.)
For example, a Crackling axe Mitachurl has a stagger resistance animation window that extends for about 4 seconds. During this window, Mona's Illusory bubble will not pop. Once the animation ends, the enemy returns into an idle state, this then allows the enemy to take poise damage. Resulting in Mona's Illusory bubble also open to taking poise damage.
Elemental shields - Enemies that apply an Elemental shield, for example, Abyss Mages. Mona's Illusory bubble will not pop while an enemy is in this state. Mona's Omen damage bonus on a shielded enemy can provide a small benefit for all party members shield damage.
Elemental/hyper armor - An enemy's ability that infuses itself with an Elemental/hyper armor. Enemies within this state can take damage and Mona's Illusory bubble will not pop on-demand, it will only time out.
Some enemies can possess more than one state. For example. Abyss Lector and Herald have one stagger resistant state and a Elemental shield state.
Spreadsheet: The Stagger immunity spreadsheet by from Mona Mains. A list of all enemy states that causes the extension to Mona's omen duration.
YouTube: Video from LACola. Explains the enemy categories that influence Omen Extension
Doc Shield Damage in Genshin Impact by
An Estimated 29% of all enemies in 2.0 have at least one of these states. The majority of these enemies are either Elite enemies or bosses. Understanding these states can help players to utilize the Omen extension more effectively.
Petrify Omen Extension
Petrify cannot extend the duration of omen by preventing the bubble from popping by itself, contrary to some other observations.
The confusion comes from the fact that you can use petrify to lock an enemy into a state where they have stagger resistance to begin with, extending the duration of that state and therefore the omen.
Petrify by itself cannot extend - petrify on a resistant target can.
The first video demonstrates a petrify during the Fatui agents attack that gives them stagger resistance and does not pop in response to XQ's attacks.
While in the second video the petrify occurs with the hoarder in a state where they do not have stagger resistance and the extension fails.
ZL's ability to extend omen with petrify is more conditional than previously thought.
Rosaria's Passive Affects Mona's Alternate Sprint
Rosaria's Passive affects Mona's alternate sprint and stacks on top of Anemo Resonance.
Control test of just Mona sprinting w/o buffs
Mona + Rosaria
Mona + Anemo Resonance
Mona + Rosaria + Anemo Resonance
It's actually a smaller buff than one would think, but there is a slight difference in distance travelled.
Significance: Despite alternate sprints not benefiting from regular sprint passives (Razor/Kaeya), they do gain buffs from general movement speed buffs (like Rosaria's passive).
Mona's Sprint Takes Priority over Skill
If you cast Mona's Skill, but then hit the dash key before Mona's taunt is out, Mona will dash instead of finishing her Skill cast. This differs from other characters, who cannot start sprinting until their Skill has finished casting.
Mona shouldn't dash until her Skill is finished casting. This Skill cancellation may also occur in the future for future characters with Mona-style alternate sprints.
Mona dash i-frame
Alternative dash and typical dash have very similar if not exact same i-frame mechanics
See 0:00 to 0:09 of this YouTube Video for the methodology.
Alt and typical sprint i-frame mechanics are extremely similar, many people likely thought that alt dash i-frames were shorter than before due to alt dash animation changes in 2.0
A1: Come n Get me, Hag!
A1 damage type
Monas A1 Talent, Come n Get Me Hag is capable of proccing the 4 piece set bonus of Tenacity of the Millelith, thus is considered Elemental Skill damage.
While I sincerely doubt that 4 TotM Mona will become a viable build path for her, knowing that her A1 can help proc Skill based effects is potentially very useful information for future weapons or artifact sets; while also being just funny for memey setups with 4ToM.
A4: Waterborne Destiny
Mona A4 Passive Only Shows When She's Active
Mona's A4 Passive is not shown on the stats page when she's inactive.
YouTube - Removing Mona from the team removes her A4 Passive on the stats page.
Don't freak out if checking out Mona's stats when she isn't in your party
C1: Prophecy of Submersion
Mona C1 Snapshot
Finding: Mona C1's Vaporize is snapshottable but not Swirl/EC while Frozen doesn't seem to work.
Vape Evidence: (Xiangling Ult)
Video - Stats at start of video.
Still doing 1509 non CRIT vapes at end of ult (at 58.1s, C1 animation ended at around 55.8s).
For reference, later in video tested without mona ult - 1333 vapes which matches calcs.
Swirl Evidence: (Kazuha Slash)
Video 1 - Swapping with Kazuha
While Kazuha is onfield, Swirl deals 1176 - while he's offield 1088.
Swapping back causes it to deal 1176 again, swapping back, again 1088.
Staying on Kazuha
Video 2 - Doesn't snapshot, damage buff disappears (at 25s).
EC Evidence: (Fischl's Oz)
Summon Oz at 11s, does 1338 Electro-Charged damage, Mona C1 disappears at 17s. Does 1163 Electro-Charged at 20s.
Repeated test with Q Oz - same 1338 during C1/1163 after.
At 1 minute mark, switching on/off Fischl shows 1338 while on-field, 1163 while off-field.
Mona's C1 passive does not seem to work for Freeze reactions. - Google Sheet
All videos are linked in the sheet. An overview of the results is in another sheet tab here: Google Sheet
Still broken as of 3.1 - YouTube retest
Mona C1's "Vaporize DMG Bonus" gets snapshotted on Xiangling's ult
Kazuha and Oz don't snapshot hydroswirl/EC, also requires to be onfield
Frozen doesn't seem to even work
Does Monas 15% C1 Boost to Vaporize DMG apply to Monas Q Burst itself?
Monas 1st Constellation does not boost her Q Burst damage.
This has been confirmed due to math being done to break down how Mona's Q Burst damage works and it's been seen that C1 makes the formula wrong. However, just to triple check, there is now clear evidence that the damage difference between C0 and C1 does not change.
Mona Omen and C1 Buff Mechanics
Omen damage % bonus is additive with other damage % bonuses and the C1 bonus is additive with EM reaction bonuses
Using the damage formula the expected damage of attacks under certain conditions was calculated for both scenarios, if Omen DMG% was multiplicative or additive: Google sheets
These values were tested in game versus a Ruin Guard with and without omen to prove the formula was correctly used. All damage numbers found were in line with the omen DMG% being additive and not multiplicative. Video
Similarly, the value of Vaporize reactions were calculated assuming the reaction bonus from Mona C1 is additive with EM reaction bonuses and tested with and without C1 active and EM to show C1 is additive with EM reaction bonuses
Video Testing with C1
Video Testing without C1 active
Proper understanding of how Omen and C1 affect damage and reactions
C1 Co-op Clarification
Mona's C1 buff only applies to your own party members in coop, and not other players.
As shown in the video, Sucrose's Hydro Swirl is not changed from 3512 damage when a c1 Mona applies Omen. Fischl's 1230 Electro-Charged damage is not changed, but Mona's 1172 Electro-Charged damage increases to 1326.
Venti's Hydro Swirl does 1157 damage without the buff, and 1255 with it.
Mona's C1 does not work party-wide in Co-op.
C2: Lunar Chain
Can Monas 2nd Constellation Allow You to Trigger Vaporize on a Pyro Inflicted Target Twice?
Although C2 Lunar Chain reads that the Charged Attack will automatically follow the Normal Attack, the Charged Attack is too slow in proccing damage and so by the time the damage registers, the Hydro Normal Attack already removes (and vaporizes) the Pyro status on the enemy.
C2 is not as good as it could be, because the automatic Charged ATK cannot benefit from Vaporize unless Pyro is inflicted in the short period in between the Normal Attack and automatic Charged Attack animation.
C2 Mona Aura for Xiangling
A C2 Mona using N2C applies enough Hydro to overtake the Pyro application of Xiangling's Pyronado, even if Pyro starts out as the aura.
Xiangling Q applies too much Pyro for Mona to successfully be the aura most of the time, although when the C2 proc goes off it DOES allow Xiangling to pryo vape.
C4: Prophecy of Oblivion
C4 Mona Does Not Show Up in Stat Page
C4 Mona bonus (+15% CRIT Rate) applies only to targets affected by the Omen.
Showcase, 87.8% CRIT Rate Mona, display of activated C4.
Picked a Spiral Abyss floor with seperated enemies.
Start the chamber, apply Q to one enemy and hit it in order to activate the Omen and hit it once again to "activate" the C4 bonus.
Start hitting the unaffected enemy with Normal Attacks until a non-Critical hit (1092) appears while the Omen is still visible on the first enemy.
This information is not displayed in the C4 or the Q description in-game.
A mysterious young astrologer who proclaims herself to be "Astrologist Mona Megistus," and who possesses abilities to match the title. Erudite, but prideful.
Mona Mains Discord
Full Mona Written Guide: The Astrological Guide to Mona Megistus
Optimal Mona Attack String by
Mona Omen Extension Explained by (aka LACola)
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Mona's 3rd Normal Attack has 2 different animations. She will either jump backwards or forward depending on the position of her target.
Charged Attack frame counts are done using Timed M1 Spams
N2C and N3C frame counts are done using the same method without Jump Cancels.
Mona can dash before Mirror Reflection of Doom finishes casting, which leads to no Phantom being created.
Mirror Reflection of Doom (Hold) has invincibility frames that can be utilized for dodging.
Mirror Reflection of Doom will cause five instances of damage. It will tick 4 times, dealing DoT damage, then explode to deal Explosion DMG.
Applies Hydro on cast
Illusory Torrent isn't affected by stamina reduction passives from Kaeya or Razor
Illusory Torrent holds priority over Mona's Skill, meaning that if you dash before Mona's Skill is finished casting, the Skill cast will be cancelled and Mona will dash instead.
Her alternate sprint has the same i-frames as other characters' normal sprint.
Rosaria's Passive, Night Walk, increases Mona's sprint speed
the same goes for Anemo Resonance
Bubble Burst DMG is determined at the time the Bubble is actually triggered, rather than snapshotting on immediate cast.
Bubble and Omen ICDs are shared.
Omen DMG Bonus is additive to the damage calculation and is classified as DamageBonus
See: Damage Formula
Illusory Bubble's duration can be extended under specific circumstances:
Enemies that were applied Cryo beforehand, thus got Frozen after receiving the Illusory Bubble status.
Enemies that are in a stagger-resistant state, i.e., performing an attack animation, having an Elemental shield/armor, etc.
Petrify can extend the duration of the aforementioned stagger-resistant state, effectively extending the duration of the Illusory Bubble.
Certain Skills/Bursts cannot trigger the Illusory Bubble (Zhongli E, Klee Q).
There are some interactions regarding the persistence of the debuff when this character leaves the party. Click here for the finding.
Damage dealt by this Phantom is considered Elemental Skill damage, and can thus trigger related artifact effects.
The Hydro DMG Bonus increase only shows when Mona is in an active party.
This bonus effect is additive and classified as ReactionBonus. See: Damage Formula
Teammates in Co-op are not counted as "your own party members" and will not obtain the effects of Prophecy of Submersion.
Vaporize DMG bonus can be snapshotted.
Hydro Swirl and Electro-Charged DMG bonus do not snapshot and require the reaction owner to be onfield.
Prophecy of Submersion does not extend Frozen.
There are some interactions regarding the persistence of the reaction bonuses when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This Charged Attack is not fast enough to do an automatic double Vaporize.
This bonus only applies to the target(s) affected by the Omen and does not appear in the stat page.
Full Talent Values
Movement and Physics
Bunny hopping can let you scale walls without using stamina and it also allows you to move efficiently in the overworld. It is easiest used with teenage male model characters. This technique can also be used to scale up walls without climbing or using stamina.
Guide by Arch- er
Climbing showcase by
Optimal Movement Tech
Short Distance = The distance you're able to sprint with 1 full bar of stamina (assuming 240 max).
Long Distance = The distance traveled by sprinting with a full bar of stamina and continued travel until complete stamina regen.
The fastest movement technique for a short distance is to chain dashes together with equal spacing between them with an adult male as they have the biggest strides. This will ensure your dash has more uptime than simply dash spamming.
For long-distance you will do the same, dash chaining with maximum dash uptime on an adult male then switching to a teen male for the last dash of your stamina charge and chaining b-hops from thereon.
Note: This does not account for special dashes such as Mona.
When not using dashes, or while regenerating stamina, it is faster to spam jump constantly instead of walking.
Let JW be Jump Walking and Continuous Walking. JW means spamming jump while continuously walking forward while CW means the same, but without any jumps.
The ranking from fastest to slowest is:
JW Adult Female
JW Teen Male
JW Adult Male
CW Adult Male
CW Adult Female
JW Teen Female
CW Teen Male
CW Teen Female
JW Child Female
CW Child Female
Note that picking a taller character of the same skeleton model will not increase the velocity or distance covered.
Push/pull effects are dynamic across team members
Cliff Dash Displacement
The position at which you land after dashing off a cliff is dependent on the current velocity of the dash animation when you go over the cliff. The ranking for dash initial velocity of character models is as follows:
This explains why, despite visually having similar character heights, teen female models can't initiate dash-jump-plunge on flat surface against vast majority of enemies while teen male models can.
Waypoint Teleportation Variance
Teleporting to a waypoint does not always teleport you to the same coordinates or dashing off a cliff horizontal velocity might be dependant on current character action, like idle animation, idle jump or a character switch.
Increased movement speed increases the horizontal velocity of dashing. This also impacts the distance traveled when dashing off a cliff.
All movement speed buffs stack additively.
Movement Speed does not affect gliding SPD.
Enemy Movement Speed
There is a limit to how much movement speed decreases one can do onto an enemy. The limit seems to be an approximate of 80~85% decrease.
Character hitboxes extend beyond their model until the weapon floating behind their back. Their front hitbox is of roughly equal size to their back hitbox, the exact bounds are just a bit larger at a similar dimension to Zhongli's Shield radius.
Tapping shift while swimming has a stamina cost that is only a little higher than not holding shift, but the swimming speed is almost as fast as holding shift.
Turning while swimming drains extra Stamina, so swimming in straight lines should be done whenever possible.
All character models swim at the same speed underwater.
Repeatedly tapping swim underwater leads to faster travel speed than holding swim.
Fontanians (and the Traveler of any Element) can dolphin jump out of the waters of Fontaine while characters from other regions simply surface when they reach the top of the water.
Double dashing with a pause in between to regain stamina can allow for a faster way to move continuously.
Dashing off of cliffs can speed up fall speed.
The Consecutive Dash Cooldown trigger is 0.8 seconds.
Getting hit while jumping adds extra velocity if not staggered.
When riding an elevator up and jumping just at the right moment before it stops, we can build up enough upwards momentum to momentarily jump higher than usual and reach sufficient height to open a wind glider. Conversely the same principle applies when riding an elevator on the way down, going down builds enough downwards momentum to visibly diminish the height of jump. This technique works for all character models.
Items are not affected by gravity and will float in mid-air if the surface they were on is lowered.
There's a maximum of around ~98ms of time being ticked per frame when limiting the game's FPS. Timers can only start at 0 on ticks, and do not carry over lateness.
There are multiple ways the game keeps track of time, currently the following are known:
Real time does not look at FPS/lag/pausing/the game being open.
Cursed time almost follows real time (disregarding max time per frame cap), but does pause while game is paused/in menu and can run while you are logging in into the game.
It can get out of sync when pause spamming.
Game time is the time that passes in-universe, it get paused by menus when not in Co-Op and has a max time that can get processed per frame. But it also does not get affected by hitlag. This can alternatively be explained as Entity Time on an entity that doesn't get hitlagged.
It can get out of sync when pause spamming.
Entity time is the time that passes for an entity/the player, gets paused by menus when not in Co-Op, has a max time that can get processed per frame, and it also gets affected by hitlag that gets applied to said entity. (Not global, unique per enemy/the player)
It depends on the player who is ticking said enemy, which might not always be the same player as the world host.
Movement and Physics
Infinite Dashing and Catapulting off cliffs (Translation)
Double dashing with pauses can allow for infinite running. Dashing off of cliffs can allow for faster fall.
Cliff Dash Displacement
Test consists of 9 different positions next to a "launchable" cliff, each of them separate by two single 'taps' forward using Diona (except for the last #9 which is a single tap due to not enough space). After marking both the starting and landing position of each character, it is clear that dash-off velocity is not linear and could reflect your character's velocity at the moment it loses it's ground.
Comparison from top (screenshots) for each position - YouTube
Comparison by position - YouTube
Comparison by character - YouTube
Raw video (timestamps in description) - YouTube
Results depending on position:
Significance: Might help when deciding in overworld traveling which character would be best to dash off a cliff with depending on your position from the cliff. This explains why, despite visually having similar character heights, teen female models can't initiate dash-jump-plunge on flat surface against vast majority of enemies while teen male models can.
Consecutive Dash Cooldown Trigger Is 0.8s
Consecutive Dash Cooldown Trigger is 0.8000s. This can be extended by hitlag.
Good to know for dash canceling combos (i.e. C1 Hu Tao) and open world traversal.
Climbing without Climbing
After familiarizing myself with the technique of b-hopping in the first week of Genshin's official release for the purpose of re-roll AR7 speedruns, this would quickly become my exclusive means of travel. This led me to discover an alternative faster method of scaling near-vertical walls (without climbing or consuming stamina at all).
Introduction to b-hopping by Arch- er
Climbing without Climbing
Significance: Can make virtually any travel quicker, whether you're mob farming around your world, crystal farming, or getting character ascension mats etc etc..
Tapping shift while swimming has a stamina cost that is only a little higher than not holding shift, but the swimming speed is almost as fast as holding shift. (Project inspired by u/lightmgl on Reddit)
Get around Teyvat faster! Though not holding shift while swimming is the most stamina efficient and holding shift while swimming is the fastest, tapping shift at even intervals will offer the best of both methods: a relatively fast, stamina-efficient way of swimming
Turning while swimming drains extra Stamina, so swimming in straight lines should be done whenever possible.
Found that if you mash A and D to rapidly move side to side it drains your stamina very quickly, so consequently turning must use up extra stamina in comparison to moving in a straight line when swimming (the drain is actually extremely fast and could be even faster if you macro'd the little wiggle I did in the water, real wild).
Stamina drain while swimming in a straight line YouTube
Stamina drain while rapidly moving side to side YouTube
Swim in straight lines for maximum distance (or speedrun drowning if that's your goal).
Underwater Travel Speed
All character models swim at the same speed underwater.
Repeatedly tapping swim leads to faster travel speed than holding swim.
Using the Waverider is still the fastest way to travel across water.
all tests were done by seeing how many frames it took to swim a set distance, count starts on the frame swim button registers input
distance is from startpoint -> when the bridge touches the edge of the screen
Tall Female (71f-949f, in total 878f): YouTube
Tall Male (48f-925f, in total 877f): YouTube
Short Female (24f-901f, in total 877f): YouTube
Short Male (41f-919f, in total 878f): YouTube
Child (34f-908f, in total 874f): YouTube
Tap vs. Hold Swim
distance is startpoint -> 484m distance from questmarker
Hold Swim (21f-1294f, total of 1273f): YouTube
Tap Swim (69f-1236f, total of 1167f): YouTube
distance is 1115m -> 1228m from questmarker
Character (85f-955f, total of 870f): YouTube
Waverider (151f-785f, total of 634f): YouTube
gotta ~~go~~ swim fast
Fontanian Dolphin Jump
Fontanians (and the Traveler of any Element) can dolphin jump out of the waters of Fontaine while characters from other regions simply surface when they reach the top of the water.
Fontainians + Traveler (Hydro and Dendro) can dolphin jump
Non-Fontainians cannot dolphin jump
Having a Fontainian in the player's team can significantly speed up swimming in Fontaine by abusing the Dolphin Jump Mechanic.
Movement Techniques and Player Model Comparisons
What is the fastest movement technique for both short distances and long distances? Do movement speed buffs produce non-linear scaling for different character model sizes?
Short Distance = The distance you're able to sprint with 1 full bar of stamina (assuming 240 max).
Long Distance = The distance traveled by sprinting with a full bar of stamina and continued travel until complete stamina regen.
Time stamps available in spreadsheet + video descriptions
Google spreadsheet of recorded times
The fastest movement technique for a short distance is to chain dashes together with equal spacing between them with an adult male as they have the biggest strides. This will ensure your dash has more uptime than simply dash spamming. For long-distance you will do the same, dash chaining with maximum dash uptime on an adult male then switching to a teen male for the last dash of your stamina charge and chaining b-hops from thereon.
A 10% movement speed buff does not cause b-hopping with other model types to be faster than a teen male with the same buff. However, I am still yet to test 20%/20% effects although not expected to change either.
Comes to the same conclusions as the empirical tests above.
B-Hopping should be 3.5% faster than dash-chaining, waiting for full stamina, and repeating.
Movement Speed affects Dashing Horizontal Velocity
Movement speed affects dashing-off a cliff horizontal velocity
5 tests, each following these steps:
Teleport to Qingyun peak with Kaeya
Once there, teleport to the waypoint again
Click "dash" and wait for Kaeya to land
Tested movements speeds: 1. 0%
10% - Anemo Resonance
10% - Rosaria passive
10% + 10% = 20% - Anemo Resonance + Rosaria passive
10% + 10% + 24% = 44% - Anemo Resonance + Rosaria passive + R5 Skyrider Sword
Raw video evidence (no timestamps): YouTube
Movement Speed Stacks Additively
Movement speed stacks additively.
Code contains coordinate points at the bridge in Stormterror's Lair. Videos are listed below.
Teleport to a portable waypoint.
Sayu hold E once you get the speed boosts.
Note the coordinates at the end.
Calculate the difference between start and finish.
Code to get the results
Sayu roll without bonuses: Imgur
Sayu roll with Anemo resonance: Imgur
Sayu roll with C6 Amber: Imgur
Sayu roll with Anemo resonance + Rosaria: Imgur
Sayu roll with Anemo Resonance + Rosaria + C6 Amber: Imgur
Sayu roll with Anemo Resonance + Rosaria + C6 Amber + C2 Jean: Imgur
Unfortunately missing videos for other sections with C2 Jean and C6 amber
Explanation on higher errors when using C6 Amber:
Sayu E roll lasts 10 seconds, while the bonus from C6 Amber lasts 10s. This requires precise timing and because of it, the error increases.
The error for just C6 Amber is 0.0251 which is rather acceptable.
The error for Anemo Resonance + Rosaria + C6 Amber is 0.0326, which is once again, rather acceptable due to mistiming.
However getting Anemo Resonance + Rosaria + C6 Amber + C2 Jean to work takes a lot of effort - incorrect timing have caused a huge error (0.1296!), but I'm submitting this anyway.
Other tests yielded an error of <~0.02, which is acceptable due to start/end velocities change on Sayu roll + uneven terrain.
Move Speed Increases Jump Height and Double Anemo Allows for Plunge Attacks
Video 1 Video 2
Having increased movespeed is now potentially practical. It allows an additional action to be performed alongside NA and CA. This may allow characters with weaker NAs to perform better.
Max enemy mvsp decrease
There is a limit to how much movement speed decreases one can do onto a mob. The limit seems to be an approximate of 80~85% decrease.
Adding up the different movement speeds, you would get a decrease of 150% speed with the usage of the Charity tower, Glacial Bloom, and Banishment tower. However, this is not the case here. It seems that after a certain point the mob will not have their speed decreased. (This note was assuming additive decrease)
Although the enemy's movement animations are slowed, and can be seen as though they are going through a slowed time; their knock back effects and being attacked animation's speeds are not changed (can be seen in the first two video links)
Descriptions of speed decrease don't always match what they actually do
Different sources of movement speed can conflict with each other differently than a similar type
The slowness follows a log curve when following the highest movement speed stacking as a base, however, follows (loosely) an exponential decrease when simply following descriptive movement speed decrease.
The maximum seems to cave towards 80~85% (82% being closer towards the max.) So unless there is a much much higher movement speed decrease Skill, getting anywhere close to 80% movement speed decrease is nigh impossible without at least another movement speed decrease debuff.
Speed increasing Skills stack alongside these, although this is outside of the scope of this TC, it can be seen with the samuchurl in the first stage being sped up while being in a slow down tower.
Frame = .033ms for my video editor, thus the frames counted may be within +-.17ms off (unless otherwise stated)
The first 5 are mainly visuals with numbers made through previous attempts to make a formula:
YouTube - (Two Tower; 90% reduction)
YouTube - (Three Tower: 150% reduction)
YouTube - (Combinations tested)
YouTube - (Comparison of 70% and 90%)
YouTube - (Most likely multiplicative when multiple mov. decrease are stacked with each other)
YouTube - (Frame counted and placed as SPM (Steps Per Minute.) The sheets below shows the overall data.)
Spreadsheet - Sheets with contradictions for any specific formula for movement speed decrease on mobs and slightly conflicting information for certain movement speed decrease towers. Also contains graphs of best fit.
If there were ever characters that were able to decrease mob speed (and almost likewise, character speed from mobs) then without a bind, a Freeze status, or similar, mobs will only be slowed and never not be able to stay put or be unable to physically move.
Speed Comparsion Between Walk Jump And Continuous Walk
Let JW be Jump Walking and CW be Continuous Walking. JW means spamming jump while continuously walking forward while CW means the same, but without any jumps. All models are faster while performing JW.
The ranking from fastest to slowest is:
JW Adult Female
JW Teen Male
JW Adult Male
CW Adult Male
CW Adult Female
JW Teen Female
CW Teen Male
CW Teen Female
JW Child Female
CW Child Female
Video displaying side by side comparison of all body types: YouTube
Allows players to pick up best way to move while regenerating stamina.
Size Does Not Matter
Model skeleton height differences do not matter in movement (at least in walking forward).
Currently tested for adult male model.
Picking a taller character of the same skeleton model will not increase the velocity or distance covered. Be aware that height DOES matter in walk to swim transition and vice versa.
Elevator Affects Movement Speed
When riding an elevator up and jumping just at the right moment before it stops, we can build up enough upwards momentum to momentarily jump higher than usual and reach sufficient height to open a wind glider. Conversely the same principle applies when riding an elevator on the way down, going down builds enough downwards momentum to visibly diminish the height of jump. This technique works for all character models.
Wind glider jump
Fluff and documenting overworld mechanics.
Movement Speed And Gliding
Movement Speed does not affect gliding SPD.
Clip 1: buffed with Lost Prayer, Anemo Resonance, and Dehya basking in the sunlight
Clip 2: no buffs
Observed result: both buffed and unbuffed characters took ~15 seconds to cross the gap
Character hitboxes extend beyond their model until the weapon floating behind their back. Their front hitbox is of roughly equal size to their back hitbox, the exact bounds are just a bit larger at a similar dimension to Zhongli's Shield radius.
Shots from ranged enemies seem to register beyond the character model until the floating weapon behind the units back. For example, when the Pyroslinger shoots at the gap between Ganyus back and her floating bow, it apparently hits. Secondary test with a ranged hilichurl.
Hitbox comparison with Zhongli Shield.
By knowing this, hopefully we can have a better understanding about how far the hitbox of our character model reaches. While this is certainly niche, this can possibly give some people that wants to do a meme run with their character such as a no damage run, an advantage with this findings.
There's a maximum of around ~98ms of time being ticked per frame.
Understanding how the game works at extremely low frame rates or during lagspikes.
Timers can only start at 0 on ticks; does not carry over lateness.
Using Zhongli pillar at different frame rates, looking at resonance ticks.
Expected to last 30 seconds and resonate every 2 seconds, starting after ~2.1 seconds after CD text starts.
Actual resonances happen slightly faster at 60 FPS for some reason. Lower frame rates resonate the frame after 2 second mark (except for frame rates that reach frame time cap).
After a tick, the timer resets to 0, without taking the lateness of the frame of the tick into account for the next tick
A theory for the common "60 vs 30" FPS difference that's common; despawn timers gets out of sync with the DoT timers, causing the amount of times that it triggers to be less at lower FPS.
There are different (at least 4) ways the game keeps track of time.
Follows real time without looking at FPS/lag/pausing/the game being open.
Example: Gadget cooldowns.
The 6d22h cooldown of the Parametric Transformer would be a huge pain otherwise.
Almost follows real time (disregarding max time per frame cap), but does pause while game is paused/in menu and can run while you are logging in into the game.
Example: healing food, food cooldowns.
Food cooldown timers start ticking around when you have a connection with the server, this is around when the UID shows up in UI (if you just logged in; or updates if you changed server; generally slightly after clicking on the door) and between the 7 Elements start showing up; so the time reduction depends on your system. These times would be classified as "cursed time" since it doesn't care about FPS, which can be seen in the second vid where game freezes and still having 87s being passed (not taking max time per frame into account).
The time that passes in-universe, does get paused by menus when not in Co-Op, does have a max time that can get processed per frame. But it also does not get affected by hitlag. This can alternatively be explained as Entity Time on an entity that doesn't get hitlagged.
Example: Skill cooldowns
The time that passes for an entity/the player, gets paused by menus when not in Co-Op, does have a max time that can get processed per frame, and it also gets affected by hitlag that gets applied to said entity. (Not global, unique per enemy/the player)
Example: Skills which duration get extended by hitlag (e.g.: not deployables), Elemental auras
Red Feather Fan: YouTube
Food and gadgets (includes Kamera pausing in Co-Op before 2.8): YouTube
Does pause while game is paused: YouTube
But not in Co-Op w/Kamera pause before 2.8: YouTube
Does not follow max frame time: YouTube, Google Sheets
Runs while logging in into the game
Initial food usage + relog on PC (119s -> 109s): YouTube
Laptop login (109 -> 22): YouTube
Logging back in on desktop (22 -> 15): YouTube
The exact moment can better be described as when you "take over the world", indicated by the "Account has logged in on another device"; which is shown in last video
Max time per frame: YouTube, Google Sheets
Does not follow hitlag: YouTube (CD number is visible from 5.967s and goes invisible at 15.95s (9.983s))
Hitlag extension caveats: TCL page
Normal Attack hitlag can extend Skill/Burst duration: TCL page
Hitlag is per entity: YouTube
This split could potentially be abused even further in the future.
Game time and cursed time can get out of sync when pause spamming.
Spamming pause (by opening a menu) and closes it again while under the effect of Holy Water healing causes the healing timer to tick more tha Normally possible.
170 HP Holy Water: YouTube
1 HP -> 56.6k HP using a single Delicious Invigorating Kitty Meal: YouTube / (sped up: YouTube)
60 FPS: YouTube by
Possible explanation: these two types of timers have a different "is game paused" check that starts/stops at different points (maybe at different moments within the same frame?).
Adding another thing to the pile of "pause game spam" bugs + possible explanation.
Entities have a "ticking" player bound to them in Co-Op.
Test 1: P1 loads enemy and uses Kamera to pause game while P2 joins and applies Element - enemy aura gets extended past intended duration, only stops after continuing game (46 seconds in video) (note: Kamera bug is fixed in 2.8).
Test 2: P1 loads enemy and limits FPS while P2 applies Element - enemy aura gets extended past intended duration, will most likely stop after a while since game still runs, just at a slower speed (48s in video).
Test 3: P1 loads enemy while P2 limits FPS and applies Element - enemy aura stops after ~9.9s (expected 9.5s).
Test 4: P2 loads enemy, limits FPS and applies Element - enemy aura gets extended past intended duration, (19s in video while expected 9.5s).
Entity time depends on the player who is ticking said enemy, which might not always be the same player as the world host.
Allows easier abuse of stacking debuffs on enemy since duration doesn't expire.
Extra velocity gained when hit
You gain extra velocity from enemy hits when you jump. This velocity can be used to initiate jump attacks even when normally they should be impossible.
Video 1 I'm using the worst character model for plunge attacks, female(teen). Female(adult) and both male models get more air time and so have easier time executing plunge attacks. Video 2
Yet another way to initiate plunge attacks on even ground.
Items Hate Physics
Items don't care about physics, when they have dropped on the ground they will no longer be updated (things like Swirl exist but won't update if not interacted with). This can be seen by dropping water levels with items on it, such as killing a flying enemy. When the water level drops the item remains at the original position, being unaffected by gravity.
Imgur (credit to Aevean)
Fluff, Genshin makes 0 sense.
Push Pull effects
Push/pull effects are dynamic across team members
Running -> Swap
Across these 3 videos, there is a consistent interaction of a push effect being generated on Venti, which is then completely nullified when Venti is switched off-field. The timing of the character switch is varied between the clips, but the result is the same.
Practicality of this? Ehhhhhh, there are only two enemies I can think of that generate a force while not knocking the player to the floor- which are the Anemo samachurls and Boreas during his 2nd phase cutscene.
In this clip, character swap ended up making the pull effect reapply for each character swapped in rather then nullifying it. Character swapping inside the little whirlwind made the pull stronger rather than weaker lmao.
We can also see here that the boreas wolf push also applies multiple instances of pushes rather than a single big push, making the character swap ineffective here too. At this point, I realized that the devs probably knew players would probably find a method to negate push effects, so push effects were coded in a way to prevent negating them.
Significance: Maybe when miHoYo adds an enemy that does a single instance of a push vs the player (which would probably never happen)- this information could be helpful. But outside of that, the only significant thing here to learn is dont switch characters while you are in an Anemo samachurl pull /or against any other enemy that spams a push effect in the future I guess.
Waypoint Teleport Variance
Two possible findings:
Teleporting to a waypoint does not always teleport you to the same coordinates
Dashing off a cliff horizontal velocity might be dependant on current character action, like idle animation, idle jump or a character switch.
Two videos of Zhongli (a lot of takes) dashing from the top of Qingyun Peak (waypoint) without prior movement resulted with landing in locations separated by < 1m.
Image 1: Consistent landing location (>20 attempts, almost always in this spot)
Image 2: Location that is a bit further than the landing spot from image 1
Video proof for images
Additional video showing 4 adult male models, landing location very rarely differs: YouTube
Significance: Might skew the results from Cliff Dash Displacement.
You Can Push People Underwater
Finding: You can push other players underwater in coop
Significance: afk movement method
E Cast: 1U
TKP Proc: 1.5U
NA and CA: Not Shared
E Cast and TKP: Not Shared
E Cast: None
TKP Proc: 1s
E: Dynamic - Rare
Nahida makes sounds when she starts to walk, starting/stopping sprinting, and while jumping. It's a repeating melody. - Video - Image
Nahida's death will end her E duration at the end of her death animation, but her Q will continue to be on-field.
Only produces particles through TKP procs.
Particle generation has a 7s ICD (although is inconsistent in practice possibly due to connectivity factors)
TKP procs with any reaction (with a few things to keep in mind).
Environment-triggered reactions also proc TKP.
Order of operations with casting E have the seed marking be after the damage instance and reaction. As a result, applying Hydro/Pyro/Electro and then casting Nahida E only causes Bloom/Burning/Quicken respectively but does not trigger TKP unlike when executed in reverse.
Second-stage Bloom reactions (Dendro Core Explosion/Hyperbloom/Burgeon) trigger TKP too upon hitting an enemy that is marked.
Burning ticks and refueling Dendro Gauge when the enemy already has a Burning Status do not trigger TKP (not considered a reaction possibly because no "Burning" text shows up).
Refreshing Freeze Gauge triggers TKP (shows "Freeze" reaction text).
Elemental Reactions triggered by enemies can proc TKP.
Upon using Nahida's Elemental Skill, Dendro damage happens before marking them with Seed of Skandha. - Your
Despite dealing Dendro damage before applying Seed of Skandha, Raiden's Coordinated Attacks hit after the enemies are marked. - Tap E - Hold E - Your
Nahida can only mark up to 8 enemies with a single use of All Schemes to Know, but more than 8 enemies can be affected by Seed of Skandha at the same time.
Using E twice on two separate groups of enemies still links all of them together into one group for TKP. It does not create two separately linked groups of enemies.
Marking properties of Hold E.
Requires the target to have just 1 frame of exposure for it to be marked.
Targets outside the square border but in-between two frames on a quick swipe will not be marked.
Nahida's Hold E can mark enemies with Seed of Skandha directly behind her, this is also affected by the camera position. - Enemy - NPC
Hold E can wake up enemies from a distance that you normally can only wake up by walking near them.
Hold E marks inactive enemies that can't normally be damaged yet, but tap E does not.
Nahida Hold E has the highest form of super armor. The description already mentions "During this time, Nahida's resistance to interruption will be increased" but apparently, this description is inconsistent among other characters.
Controller players are doomed with hold E if they're going for a full 360 degree spin due to turn angle capped speed.
Hold E range is around ~10 Abyss Tiles (26 meters). - Your
Nahida when holding E will allow her to float in the air, which means some enemies' melee attacks can't reach her, and also allows her to dodge upcoming bullets toward her previous location.
Holding E completely dodges Raiden puppet's rings on the ground attack.
Nahida's Hold E interaction with "invisible" enemies - Your
ASIMON: can mark. - Video
Primal Construct: can mark. - Video
Fatui Agent: can not mark. - Video
Nahida can mark opponents through terrain but cannot collect harvestable items if she cannot see them.
Shatter Is A Reaction Only To Nahida
Nahida thinks Shatter is a reaction, and it can trigger TKP.
It is still the bastard child.
The God Of Wisdom Is Arachnophobic
Nahida's Hold and Tap versions of her Elemental Skill cannot mark Spiders with the Seed of Skandha, since Spiders are counted as Overworld Obstacles and are not opponents.
A1: Compassion Illuminated
Snapshots EM value on-cast.
EM buff can be snapshotted for Amplifying Reactions.
A4: Awakening Elucidated
Nahida A4 takes account of her A1 (or at least the DMG Bonus). - Senki no
Utility: On All Things Meditated
Nahida can only collect up to 5 items with her Utility Passive at a time. Marking enemies at the same time does not count toward this limit. - 5 items - 3 items + 3 enemies
The limit for Tap E is also 5, same as Hold E.
Tap E can also harvest nearby collectibles. Harvesting is not exclusive to Hold E.
Nahida's collection ability using her Skill has several requirements, which can probably be summarized as follows: - Alpha
The target must have a sparkle effect indicating collectability, and must not require further "processing" (attacks, Elemental application, blunt damage, etc.)
This means no ores, no living beings such as pigeons, Crystalflies, etc. (Onikabutos count due to not being living beings), no plants which require Elements to collect (e.g. Dandelions).
The only known exception is the mushroom from Shroomboars. - Soul
Her Skill also works with the Seed Dispensary, allowing the collection of seeds from a distance.
The range at which it can mark enemies appears to be the distance at which the level indicator appears.
Nahida's Utility Passive doesn't trigger Whopperflower mimics..
Characters in quests have different, unvoiced voice lines under Nahida Hold E than their normal voice lines. - Normal - Commission
Nahida's Hold E can mark stuff normally unreachable by the camera vertical limit if the initial camera is positioned before using hold E. - Higher - Lower
C1: The Seed of Stored Knowledge
Nahida C1 does not require the presence of an Element to add to the count. - Hydro - Pyro - Soul
C2: The Root of All Fullness
The critting component is dependent on the target, not on the source (a Bloom critting on target 1 does not mean it's guaranteed to crit on target 2 as well, just like how damage generally works).
DEF Shred also affects non-Electro and non-Dendro damage.
Nahida C2 allows Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon to trigger Favonius effects. Burning does not work. - Bloom - Burgeon - Hyperbloom - Burning
Nahida C2 does not apply to triggering hit.
Nahida C2 likely triggers under the condition of "a Catalyze [reaction is triggered on]/[aura is applied to] an enemy marked with a Seed of Skandha".
C6: The Fruit of Reason's Culmination
Nahida C6 takes advantage of the DMG Bonus from her Burst (from Pyro characters in the team) and her A4.
A1 interaction with weapons and external EM-scaling abilities
Hunter's Path: works.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands: does not work. - Soul
Key of Khaj-Nisut: does not work. - Key user - Non-Key user
Xiphos' Moonlight: does not work. - Soul
Wandering Evenstar: does not work. - Soul
4-Piece Gilded Dreams EM: works.
Nahida A1 snapshots the highest EM in the party upon cast. This means that if a character has X EM when Nahida casts her Burst, and then their EM decreases below X (i.e. if the 4-Piece Gilded Dreams buff expires), the buff granted to the on-field character by Nahida's A1 does not decrease.
Cyno A4: works. - Soul
Dendro Traveler A4: works. - Soul
Tighnari A4: works. - Soul
Yae A4: works. - Soul
Kazuha A4: does not work.
Sucrose A4: does not work. - Soul
A4 is dynamic and receptive to EM buff sources.
Dendro Resonance Proc, Elegy, Gilded Proc, and Sucrose A4 have all been tested and confirmed to increase Nahida A4.
Fischl A4 happens before Nahida E (at around 200ms ping).
A caged bird secluded within the confines of the Sanctuary of Surasthana who can only see the world in her dreams.
Nahida Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
NA and CA ICDs are not shared.
All Schemes to Know initial hit and Tri-Karma Purification ICDs are not shared.
Can be triggered by triggering a reaction after casting All Schemes to Know (including Second-stage Bloom reactions, reactions triggered by the environment or enemies, and re-applying Cryo or Hydro to a Frozen target).
Cannot be triggered by casting All Schemes to Know on an enemy with a pre-existing aura, Burning ticks, or re-applying Dendro.
Upon casting All Schemes to Know, the initial hit deals Dendro DMG before the target is marked with the Seed of Skandha.
Raiden's coordinated attack hits after the enemies are marked.
Up to 8 enemies can be marked with THE Seed of Skandha at a time, however, more than 8 can be marked and linked with multiple uses of All Schemes to Know.
The hold version of All Schemes to Know can mark inactive enemies (e.g. Ruin Guards) and "wake" them up, but the tap version cannot.
It can also mark enemies from behind Nahida, this is affected by the camera position.
It lifts Nahida, allowing her to float in the air and avoid getting hit by certain enemy attacks.
It can mark some "invisible" enemies but not others.
It can mark enemies through the terrain.
Nahida gains a lot of Interruption Resistance, allowing her to tank things such as Explosive Barrels while holding her Skill.
Aim speed is limited when using controllers, which affects how fast Nahida can spin during Hold E.
The range of All Schemes to Know is about 9 meters for Press E and 26 meters for Hold E.
Fischl A4 happens before Nahida E (at ~200ms ping).
Tri-Karma Purification can be triggered by the Shatter reaction.
Spiders cannot be marked with All Schemes to Know.
Buffs are for 1 character and 2 characters respectively.
Buffs snapshot but the EM bonus from A1 does not snapshot.
Nahida can only collect up to 5 items at a time, enemies do not count.
Both Tap and Hold E can collect harvestable items, although it is inconsistent.
Things that can be collected: Onikabutos, mushrooms from Shroomboars, seeds, etc.
Things that cannot be collected: ores, pigeons, Crystalflies, Dandelions, mimic Whopperflowers, etc.
During quests, NPCs have different voice lines that are unvoiced.
Hold E can reach harvestable items that are usually unreachable by the camera's vertical limit when aiming straight up or down before using Hold E.
Snapshots EM value on-cast.
The buff can be snapshotted for Amplifying Reactions.
External sources of EM that work with A1:
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
4-Piece Gilded Dreams (EM)
Dendro Traveler A4
Yae Miko A4
External sources of EM that do not work with A1:
Key of Khaj-Nisut
A4 takes the DMG Bonus from A1 into account.
A4 is dynamic and receptive to EM buffs.
C1 does not require the presence of an Element to add to the count.
Dependent on the target, not the source attack.
Allows Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon to trigger the Favonius passive, but not Burning.
Also applies to non-Electro non-Dendro damage.
Does not apply to the hit that triggers it.
It likely triggers under the condition of "a Catalyze [reaction is triggered on]/[aura is applied to] an enemy marked with a Seed of Skandha".
Persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
C6 is affected by the DMG Bonus from Nahida's Burst and A4.
Full Talent Values
Frame Data - Google Sheets - @shizukayuki
Elemental Gauge and ICD - Youtube - @emmaus
Skill - 1GU, No ICD, Limited by Global Crystalize ICD
Arkhe - 0GU
Burst - Initial Cast 2GU. Barrage 1GU 3hits
Infused NA - 1GU 3hits/2.5s. Limited by Global Crystalize ICD
Navia generates 3-4 particles per full charged Ceremonial Crystalshot use with no ICD, the distribution appears to be a 50/50 split. - Youtube - @soulfish
Navia's Skill hit box starts from slightly behind her back. - Youtube - @mgr
Navia's Burst is dynamic. - @shampoobrain
Initially, Navia's burst does 755 damage. After receiving the 4pc TotM buff, it goes up to 812 damage, and then back down to 755 when the buff runs out.
Navia fires 1 Cannon Fire Support approx every 0.75 seconds, and a total of 17 shots over 12 seconds, for 1+17 hits total (including the activation). - Youtube - @soulfish
Ascension 1: Undisclosed Distribution Channels
Navia's A1 infusion persists on swap. - Youtube - @clevernt
Navia N3 snapshots the geo infusion portion of her A1, but not the dmg%. - Youtube - @aftermathrar
Navia N3 -> Swap during A1 duration does keep dmg% as expected. Imgur - @aftermathrar
Navia's Elemental Burst follows the character. This allows Sorush to take it to enemies without Navia being aggro'd. - Youtube - @.whalien
One of Navia's idle animations pushes mob loot away from her. This push acts only on items that begin within a radius of Navia. - Youtube - @.whalien
The current President of Spina di Rosula, who is lovely, dutiful, and a great boss.
Full Navia Written Guide
Navia Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Navia's Skill hit box starts from slightly behind her back.
Navia's Burst is dynamic.
Navia fires 1 Cannon Fire Support approx every ~0.75 seconds, and a total of 17 shots over 12 seconds, for 1+17 hits total including the activation.
Full Talent Values
Frame Data - Google Sheets - charliex3000 and caramielle.
Gauges: Youtube - derpyfrojjie
CA Equitable Judgement: 1U
CA Equitable Judgement: Default - Video - lunaflaw
CA Equitable Judgement: Dynamic - Video - ham2105
Neuvillette can move while charging/firing CA Equitable Judgement - Video - chronopolize
CA Equitable Judgement can be canceled with Dash, Jump, Skill, and Burst - Video - lunaflaw
Neuvillette can somewhat move up slopes during CA Equitable Judgement - Video - lunaflaw
He can travel over some bodies of water and down some slopes - Video - caramielle.
CA Equitable Judgement startup can be shortened by releasing Attack at the right time - Video - bobrokrot
CA absorption in front is approximately the range of his CA. The range from the back is approximately half of the range from the front - Video - caramielle.
Neuvillette cannot plunge during special CA - Video - nikuou
Neuvillette can still begin chargins his special CA even with no stamina - Video - caramielle.
Faster Neuvi Balls
Institute tiles to metres conversion factor: 1.25 (4 tiles = 5 meters )
Neuvillette's Sourcewater Droplet absorption range is at least 2 different overlapping regions:
A cone fixed to the camera (marked by the far away blue line while floating)
A narrow rectangular strip with its long end toward the direction Neuvillette is facing.
This is an approximate sketch:
Length unit is width of tiles found in Fontaine Institute buildings.
Specifically, all evidence was gathered at the initial arena of the Experimental Field Generator in the World Quest "Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble", located on one of the biggest floating cubes in Fontaine. The tile grid is conveniently large.
Institute tiles measured using Chonghua field
Extra range behind camera by facing back
Strip Front edge: 11 tiles
Rear edge: 7 tiles
Side edges: 4 tiles
Cone Front edge: 14 tiles
Right corner: 7 tiles East, 13 tiles North
Left corner: 9.5 tiles West, 10 tiles North
Strip and Cone dimensions
More balls for sweaty fights
4.8 Neuvillette Nerf
This was quickly reverted, and is kept here to serve as documentation of the past.
Rolled back the fix to the issue whereby "Neuvillette could rotate at an unusually high speed when casting his Charged Attack, resulting in an abnormal attack range."
In version 4.8, an upper limit for camera rotation speed was added for Neuvillette when he uses his charged attack. You can now only rotate at an extremely slow speed no matter how much you move your mouse or how high your DPI is
This is a completely unwarranted change and a blatant nerf disguised as a bug fix. An entire playstyle was nuked, and neuvillette's AOE potential is massively nerfed. It would have been more believable if the "bug fix" was done in 4.2, but doing it now is straight up scummy after he has had 2 runs, with the spinning being a big factor in many people's decision to pull.
This also not only affects the spinning playstyle, regular players are impacted too as you can no longer quickly snap your camera to a different enemy after killing the first one. Neuvillette is now worse to play for all players and you can lose up to 2 ticks of damage on his CA whenever you need to switch to attacking a different enemy, or if an enemy dashes/teleports behind you
Fix: After the 7/18 update, the rotation speed limit was removed. Contrary to CN rumors, the hit registration mechanic was NOT changed. The CA still has independent tick timer per enemy and can damage all enemies around you at once just like before.
Particle Generation: 4 - Video - clevernt
Spiritbreath Thorn has hitlag, and can be used to Dragonstrike - Video - f99shi
Neuvillette can create a maximum of 12 Sourcewater Droplets at a time - Video - shampoobrain
Sourcewater Droplets remain even after Neuvillette dies - Video - caramielle.
You only see your own Sourcewater Droplets in Co-Op. This means that your Neuvillette cannot interact with any Sourcewater Droplets formed by your co-op partner
Anemo characters with CC abilities can interact with Sourcewater Droplets dropped by other party's Neuvillette in co-op, even though the Droplets are not visible
Video - itslin and nociii
Droplets generated by Burst will always spawn a distance away in front of him, at the same elevation as he is. as a result they can go out of bounds and hover mid air - Video 1, Video 2 - caramielle.
Ascension 1: Heir to the Ancient Sea's Authority
Neuvillette himself is qualified for gaining stacks - Video - starlighthorizon
The duration of stacks of the same type reaction can be refreshed by triggering the same reaction - Video - starlighthorizon
Stacks can only be gain on reactions triggered on enemies. Reactions on gadgets, weapons, monster weapons, and self don't count - Video - f99shi
Teammates proccing reactions from off field still triggers A1 - Video - f99shi
C4: Crown of Commiseration
C4 works on overheal - Video - f99shi
C6: Wrathful Recompense
C6 sometimes leaves a ghost Droplet that cannot be interacted with - Video - f99shi
Interaction between Neuvillette's Sourcewater Droplets and Anemo characters that can CC
Kazuha: Can pull with E
Jean: Can pull, but not yeet, with hE
Faruzan: Can pull with Pressurized Collapse (E CA)
Sucrose: Can pull with E. Only initial Q hit pulls
Heizou: Can pull with Q
Lynette: C1 vortex can pull
AMC: hE and Q both pull
(Bonus) Viridescent Hunt: No
Video - itslin and nociii
CA Equitable Judgement and Frozen interactions:
CA doesn't get cancelled immediately by getting frozen. Unless it is a whopper flower who does it.
The charge bar can still be consumed and charged while being frozen, but only for a short time.
In the right timing, neuv can still shoot his beam while being frozen.
While frozen, you can still control where he is looking
Video 1, Video 2, Video 3 - person2023 and caramielle.
Neuv's rain idle applies a hydro aura to himself - Video - cynematic
The Chief Justice of Fontaine, known as the Iudex, is renowned for his unassailable impartiality.
Neuvillette Mains Discord
Full Neuvillette Written Guide
Neuvillette Quick Guide
# Minute Video Guide to Neuvillette
Let me know/ping me if this is not should not be the case. -->
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Normal Attacks have Default ICD.
Charged Attack has no ICD.
Charged Attack: Equitable Judgment has Default ICD.
Charged Attack: Equitable Judgment does not snapshot.
Charged Attack: Equitable Judgment hits 8 times at 60fps.
Neuvillette can move during Charged Attack Empowerment: Legal Evaluation and Charged Attack: Equitable Judgment.
When using Charged Attack, Sourcewater Droplets absorb range is atleast two different overlapping regions.
A maximum of 12 Sourcewater Droplets created by Neuvillette can exist at one time.
Sourcewater Droplets remain onfield even after Neuvillette dies.
In Co-op, the player can only see their own Sourcewater Droplets.
Various Anemo abilities can move Sourcewater Droplets. See the Evidence Vault for more details.
Spiritbreath Thorn has hitlag and can be used to Dragonstrike.
Neuvillette himself is qualified to gain stacks.
Stacks are granted on reactions triggered by off-field teammates .
When a reaction of the same type as a previous reaction that gained a stack is triggered, that stack is refreshed.
Stacks are only granted on reactions that are triggered on enemies.
Crown of Commiseration triggers even on overheal.
In rare instances, a phantom Sourcewater Droplet can be left behind. This Sourewater Droplet cannot be interacted with.
Full Talent Values
Skill Initial: 1U
Skill Pirouette: 1U
Skill Sword Dance: 1U
Burst 1st Hit: 1U
Burst 2nd Hit: 1U
Skill Tranquility Aura: 4-hit/1.9s
Burst has Dynamic Snapshotting
Nilou Skill generates Particles on all 4 hits of her Skill combo, initiating Skill may give 1-2, rest give 1, for a total of 4-5 Particles per Skill.
Additionally, Sword Dance attacks from ending the Skill combo with NA do not generate Particles, neither does Tranquility Aura making enemies Wet - Alpha
Nilou Entering Both Skill Stances
Nilou can enter both stances at the same time using Sacrificial Sword.
Initial Skill hit, Whirling Steps, Sword Dance, and Sword Dance hits outside Pirouette state can all proc Sacrificial Sword's passive.
Further understanding of Nilou's Skill.
Nilou Skill CD and Infusion CD
Nilou's E cooldown starts on initial cast, but the infusion duration does not start until the 3rd slash.
Smoother Vape Nilou rotations.
Q can be used before the 3rd slash so that it does not eat into E infusion uptime.
Since the first 3 hits (E N2) are technically not part of her infusion duration, Key can be fully stacked by slowing down the opening N2 to account for Key's 0.3s stack CD, allowing for maximum Q vape damage.
Using the E N2 Q N1 combo, Nilou's c4 buffs the 2nd Q hit without taking away from infusion uptime.
Nilou Tranquility Aura Counts as 0 DMG Hit
Nilou Tranquility Aura counts as a 0-DMG hit.
May trigger certain on-hit effects.
Tranquility Aura 0 DMG Hit Is Not Skill DMG
Nilou's Tranquility Aura 0 DMG hit is not counted as Skill DMG, therefore cannot trigger the 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith effect.
You can see Yaoyao's ATK before / during / after, and it does not move from 906 at any point.
No misinformation that she can buff her team with 4pc TotM because she can't.
Nilou NA Combo Reset
While under the Pirouette or Lunar Prayer effects, Nilou's Normal Attack combo will not be reset.
Nilou Skill N3 Dash Cancel
Nilou's N3 can be dash cancelled very early. Well-timed dash cancels does not cause her to lose infusion slashes, thus making her an extremely mobile on-fielder.
On-field driver potential, QoL vs. mobile enemies.
Nilou Skill N3 Counts as Ranged Attack
Nilou Luminous Illusion (Sword Dance 3rd Hit) is considered a ranged attack.
Nilou is not effective as a miner nor a Geo shield breaker, certain effects that rely on ranged attacks may function with the slash.
Nilou Prefunneling With Skill
E N2 Q N1 allows Particle pre-funneling.
Opening rotation Particle efficiency, allows C4 Energy refund to be used on the opening rotation.
A1: Court of Dancing Petals
Nilou A1 Triggers Even When Shielded
Nilou A1 will trigger when hit by a Bloom core even if no damage is taken.
A4: Dreamy Dance of Aeons
Nilou A4 Bloom Bonus DMG% Type
Confirmation to Nilou's A4 being additive to the Bloom Reaction Bonus from EM.
Calculation Formula: Imgur
Damage In-Game: Imgur
Nilou's A4 is a decent boost rather than a very powerful one.
C4: Fricative Pulse
Nilou C4 Trick to Buff Q DMG
Nilou's C4 buffs the 2nd Q tick with the combo: E N2 Q N1.
Vape Nilou opening combo.
Nilou Skill NAs Triggering Beidou, Xingqiu
Similarly to Raiden, Nilou's Normal Attacks during her Elemental Skill do not trigger effects such as Beidou's Burst but do trigger effects such as Xingqiu's Burst.
This is a known mechanic, but just in case you need a video evidence to show people who argue with you.
The star of the Zubayr Theater. She is full of warmth and innocence, and her dances are lively and elegant.
Nilou Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Dance of Haftkarsvar generates a total of 4-5 Particles each time.
Nilou can enter both Sword Dance and Whirling Steps stances at the same time using Sacrificial Sword.
Dance of Haftkarsvar cooldown starts on initial cast, but the infusion duration does not start until the 3rd slash.
Tranquility Aura counts as a zero-damage hit.
Tranquility Aura's zero-damage hit is not counted as Skill DMG, therefore it cannot trigger the 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith effect.
While under the Pirouette or Lunar Prayer effects, Nilou's Normal Attack combo will not be reset.
All 3 Sword Dance hits can be canceled very early. Well-timed dash cancels does not cause her to lose infusion slashes, thus making her an extremely mobile on-fielder.
Luminous Illusion is considered a ranged attack.
E N2 Q N1 allows Particle pre-funneling.
Sword Dance and Luminous Illusion can't trigger Beidou's Burst but can trigger Xingqiu's Burst.
The EM buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This passive will trigger when hit by a Bloom core even if no damage is taken.
A4 is additive to the Bloom Reaction Bonus from EM.
The RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
C4 buffs Lingering Aeon with the combo: E N2 Q N1.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Charged Attack Mechanics
Star Jades Have The Charged Attack Tag
Ningguang's Star Jades are considered Charged ATK DMG
credit to and
Non C6 Ningguang Imgur
C6 Ningguang Imgur
Star Jades benefit from Charged Attack DMG Bonuses.
Ningguangs Can Manipulate Star Jades Direction
Ningguang produces star jades from her Normal Attack talent and sixth Constellation. The direction these star jades take can be manipulated with the use of directional inputs (moving left, right or backwards) immediately after using a Charged Attack. This can potentially make star jades directly miss targets even at point-black range.
However, immediately targeting an enemy by attacking them can make the star jades swerve or take sharp turns to hit the targeted enemy. This only seems to be possible for regular star jades, as star jades generated from c6 do not seem to be able to swerve after targeting an enemy.
Imgur (mobile footage from)
Imgur (c6 star jades not swerving)
Ningguang's star jades constitute a relevant portion of her damage. Knowing how to manipulate these can potentially be helpful, and knowing how it works can mitigate damage loss from missing targets.
Star Jade Creation And Consumption
Star Jade creation and CA Stamina deduction are server-side. The consumption of Star Jades to produce projectiles is client-side.
Ningguang does not benefit from her A1 if she gains Star Jades after a certain cutoff frame from the beginning of her CA animation. This cutoff frame is dependent on the variant of CA she performs . Despite this, Ningguang is still able to launch her Star Jades.
Ningguang's NA projectiles generate Star Jades with an ICD dependent on ping (6-10 frames on ~196ms) , and can be triggered twice per NA (one for each projectile) by delaying their hit times.
As such, it is possible for a single NA to generate two Star Jades.
This is possible for all Constellations , however, the larger AOE from C1 makes registering hits easier.
YouTube: creation and consumption with and without an internet connection.
Star Jades can be launched without benefiting from Ningguang's A1:
Google Sheets: See sheet "Star Jade Consumption (CA A1 Cutoff)".
Frame for each CA variant after which A1 no longer applies:
CA Twirl: 15-16
CA Left: 10
CA Right: 10
YouTube: Instances of Stamina drain while in possession of Star Jades - 0:09, 0:34, 0:49.
Star Jade Generation ICD:
Google Sheets: See sheet "NA Projectile ICD (Double Jade)".
YouTube: Double Jade working on Inazuma stove, utilizing back wall for hit delay.
YouTube: Double Jade working as expected for C0, demonstrating that C1 AOE does not affect the ICD trigger.
YouTube: Double Jade utilizing N2C in combat.
Better understanding of Star Jade creation and consumption and their dependence on ping.
Clarifies why Stamina drain may still occur despite Ningguang being in possession of Star Jades before her CA projectile is fired . As such, N1C spam is not guaranteed to be Stamina-less if her CA is cast too quickly.
The low ICD can be used (situationally) to generate more than one Star Jade per NA against certain enemies. Improves the DPS of N1C and N2C combos; though it is more reliable when hitting overlapping hitboxes, or at an angle such that each Jade hit is delayed.
E.g: N2C generating 3 Star Jades against a boss enemy hitbox (Aeonblight Drake).
Jade Screen ICD
Ningguang's Jade Screen has no ICD for the detection of aura-checks.
Imgur - The aura-check ticks shown here overlap 2 ticks in the same frame, showing that it can detect several in an extremely short impulse.
Imgur - The ticks shown here on the contrary are fairly evenly spaced, demonstrating that the delay between ticks can be extremely low and still registered.
Combining the demonstrations of both of these tests, it can be concluded that Ningguang's Jade Screen has no ICD on detection of aura-checks.
Ningguang Burst Does Snapshot
Ningguangs E screen snapshots her stats on cast, and with Q use her personal gems will snapshot on Q cast while her screens gems will use her screens earlier snapshotted stats. This finding corrects the previous TCL finding that Ningguangs Q does not snapshot, since the evidence for that finding did not account for the gems from her screen not receiving the buff they were using to test for snapshotting.
Initial gems directly from Ningguang deal 774 damage, while gems from her E screen deal only 231 damage, due to Ningguang receiving Bennett's buff after E cast and snapshot.
Ningguangs gems deal 129 on non CRIT, 203 on CRIT in an initial unbuffed reference cast. Ningguang receives Bennett buff, and then casts Q, losing Bennett buff after Q cast but while gems travel to target. Ningguangs gems deal 861 on non CRIT, 1346 on CRIT despite losing Bennett buff before the gems connect.
Video and Video from
First video shows Ningguangs gems deal 441 on non CRIT, 1076 on CRIT in an initial unbuffed reference cast. Ningguang casts Q, then player pauses and eats an ATK boosting food while gems are still travelling to target. Ningguangs gems deal 441 on non CRIT, 1076 on CRIT despite the ATK boost gained before gems connect. Second video shows Ningguangs gems deal 492 on non CRIT, 1202 on CRIT with food buff.
First run shows Ningguang cast E at one Lost Prayers stack, and Q at two. Personal gems deal 1545 on non CRIT, 3771 on CRIT. Gems from screen deal 1481 on non CRIT, 3616 on CRIT. Second run can be skipped. Third run shows Ningguang cast E (gem damage from screen difficult to see in this run, so not used as evidence for E screen snapshotting) and then cast Q while at two Lost Prayers stacks. Ningguang gains a third Lost Prayers stack while gems are still travelling to target, but gems still deal 1545 on non CRIT, 3771 on CRIT despite the Lost Prayers stack gained before gems connect.
Video and Video from
Both videos show Ningguang with a 100% CRIT Rate from a fully stacked Royal Grimoire. All gems from both her screen and herself CRIT, despite her losing the 100% CRIT Rate after the first CRIT gem connects due to how the Royal weapons series passive operates.
Better rotation and team building for Ningguang surrounding setting up buffs for her E and her Q to snapshot.
Ningguang Burst Wall Destroy Range
Ningguang's Burst can destroy her Jade Screen from any range, assuming that the Jade Screen exists.
In this video, Ningguang teleports from her wall at the max construct range, and her wall was destroyed successfully when her Burst was used.
Where there's a wall, there's a way (to destroy it).
Ningguang Pays Taxes To The Ground
Ningguang's Burst, Starshatter, creates 6 gems on cast. If there is a nearby Jade Screen, the screen is destroyed to create 6 more gems from it. However, the gems that are fired from the Jade Screen suffer heavily from the autotargeting system, causing them to move in patterns that usually result to 1 - 2 gems missing their targets. These gems usually hit the ground instead.
Some sample clips that showcase this phenomenon: YouTube
All of my tests suggest that at least one jade misses for every Burst cast on a flat surface.
Sharshatter is the most significant part of Ningguang's kit, so learning more about it can help us understand its properties and effectiveness in combat. For calculation purposes, it is recommended to calculate her Burst damage at 10 gems rather than 12. Perhaps there are ways to manipulate the gem pathing to mitigate the gem-ground tax.
C2: Shock Effect
Ningguang C2 and Sacrificial Passive Interaction
Ningguang's Elemental Skill with her c2 activated has its effect put into cooldown when her E is used and the Sacrificial passive is procced, if the conditions were met to also proc her c2 effect ( Jade Shield present and broken by casting E )
In the first example in the video, Ningguang's Elemental Skill is cast on an enemy, which procs the Sacrificial passive, resetting the cooldown. Then, it is cast again which destroys the original Jade Shield and procs her c2 effect resetting the cooldown.
In the second example, Ningguang's Elemental Skill is cast without any proc. Then, it is cast again ( with the previous Jade Shield present - destroying it ) proccing the Sacrificial passive, resetting the cooldown. Another cast of the Elemental Skill ( destroying the Jade Shield ) shows that the c2 effect has been put into cooldown, as it does not activate.
In the third example, Ningguang's Elemental Skill is cast without any proc. Then, it is cast again ( with the previous Jade Shield present - destroying it ) proccing the c2 effect and resetting the cooldown. It is cast a third time, which now procs the Sacrificial passive resetting the cooldown again.
General knowledge on how these mechanics work, in reference to current or future abilities.
The Tianquan of the Liyue Qixing. Her wealth is unsurpassed in all of Teyvat.
Full Ningguang Written Guide: Geo Goddess
6 Minute Guide to Ningguang
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Normal Attacks apply Geo with shared standard ICD.
Ningguang's Normal Attacks can be cancelled as soon as the Star Jades appear by her side by jumping or dashing.
Charged Attacks and Star Jades apply Geo with shared standard ICD.
Ningguang has two different animations when doing her Charged Attack. Her Charged Attack initiated with her right hand has higher frames.
This can be mitigated by holding a direction key while using Normal Attacks, releasing it when you Charged Attack, and inputting it again after casting the Charged Attack.
Star Jades' trajectory can be manipulated with the use of directional inputs immediately after using a Charged Attack. This can potentially make Star Jades miss their target even at point-black range.
Additional resources for her animation cancels can be found in the Ningguang Mains discord.
Star Jades are considered Charged Attacks and benefit from Charged Attack Bonuses.
Low/High Plunge applies Geo and has no ICD.
Star Jade creation and CA Stamina deduction are server-side, but the consumption of Star Jades to produce projectiles is client-side.
Ningguang does not benefit from her A1 if she gains Star Jades after a certain cutoff frame from the beginning of her CA animation. For more information on the cutoff frame see this Vault Entry.
Ningguang's NA projectiles generate Star Jades with an ICD dependent on ping, and can be triggered twice per NA (one for each projectile) by delaying their hit times.
Jade Screen has a 6s cooldown on generating Particles, not affected by Elemental Skill cooldown reset or reduction.
Jade Screen has no ICD for the detection of aura-checks.
When Starshatter is cast, gems from Jade Screen will use the stats that were snapshotted when the Jade Screen was initially cast.
As long as Ningguang is within the maximum construct range from the Jade Screen, casting Starshatter will allow the Jade Screen to fire the additional gems, even if she teleports away.
The gems created by a shattered Jade Screen suffer heavily from the autotargeting system, causing them to move in patterns that usually result to 1 - 2 gems missing their targets. These gems usually hit the ground instead.
The Geo DMG Bonus persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
If Sacrificial Fragments procs on the same Skill cast as Shock Effect, the 6 second cooldown for Shock Effect will still occur.
This can occur when Jade Shield is present on field and broken by casting E again.
Full Talent Values
Samurai who have fallen into banditry. Though they are called the Nobushi, they do not have a centralized organization.
They not only possess highly advanced sword skills, but can also carry out flame powder attacks using the elements. Objectively speaking, perhaps this method of winning goes against the path of a martial artist.
Sometimes they even collude with the Treasure Hoarders or Fatui out of a greed for wealth or simply to survive.
Slashes at the player.
Lunges towards the player with their sword.
The Nobushi will spin their katanas to taunt their opponents.
They are left open while doing this.
Jumps back, leaving crackling fireworks at its previous location.
Samurai who have fallen into banditry. Though they are called the Nobushi, they do not have a centralized organization.
They not only possess highly advanced sword skills, but can also carry out flame powder attacks using the elements. Objectively speaking, perhaps this method of winning goes against the path of a martial artist.
Sometimes they even collude with the Treasure Hoarders or Fatui out of a greed for wealth or simply to survive.
Slashes at the player.
Lunges towards the player with their sword.
The Nobushi will spin their katanas to taunt their opponents.
They are left open while doing this.
Samurai who have fallen into banditry. Though they are called the Nobushi, they do not have a centralized organization.
They not only possess highly advanced sword skills, but can also carry out flame powder attacks using the elements. Objectively speaking, perhaps this method of winning goes against the path of a martial artist.
Sometimes they even collude with the Treasure Hoarders or Fatui out of a greed for wealth or simply to survive.
Slashes at the player.
Lunges towards the player with their sword.
The Nobushi will spin their katanas to taunt their opponents.
They are left open while doing this.
Pulls out a crossbow and shoots an Electro-infused arrow at the player's location.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Maidstrike vs N3D (Dragonstrike)
Noelle using N1P spam (hitlag plunge aka Dragon Strike Noelle) is higher damage per second than the N3 dash cancel.
To execute the hitlag plunge, attack an enemy and dash and jump at the same time as when your sword collides with the enemy. She will gain more height tha Normal enough to execute a low plunge.
N1P with Anemo RES
N1P with Anemo RES and Jean C2
N3D with Anemo RES and Jean C2
With Anemo Resonance
N1 + plunge spam = 207.36% MV/s
N3 Sprint cancel = 153.09% MV/s (credit to)
With Jean C2
N1 + plunge spam = 207.36% MV/s
N3 Sprint cancel = 162.66% MV/s (WITH Jean C2)
N3 + plunge is: 187.93 MV/s (also with Jean C2)
start of 1st N1: 0:25 (frame when sword is off her back)
start of 2nd N1: 2:00 (frame when sword is readying to swing behind her back)
start of 3rd N1: 3:40
start of 4th N1: 5:17
start of 5th N1: 6:49
2-1 = 95
3-2 = 100
4-3 = 96
5-4 = 92
Noelle T6 MVs
T6 N1 = 115%
T6 plunge = 216.78%
N1 + plunge = 331.78
Calculating using Frame Perfect(?) 92 frame execution:
331.78 / 92 = 3.60 x 60 = 216.37%
N1P spam = 216.37%
N3 Sprint cancel = 153.09% MV/s
An increase of 41.3% DPS
Calculating using human average(?) 96 frame execution:
331.78 / 96 = 3.456 x 60 = 207.36%
N1P spam = 207.36%
N3 Sprint cancel = 153.09% MV/s (credit Artesian)
An increase of 35.4% DPS.
start of 1st N1: 10:42
start of 2nd N1: 12:17
start of 1st N1: 13:36
start of 2nd N1: 15:13
start of 3rd N1: 16:46
2-1 = 94
2-1 = 97
3-2 = 93
start of 1st N1: 5:27
start of 2nd N1: 7:43
start of 3rd N1: 9:53
start of 4th N1: 12:01
start of 5th N1: 14:09
start of 6th N1: 16:15
2-1 = 136 frames
3-2 = 130 frames
4-3 = 128 frames
5-4 = 128 frames
6-5 = 126 frames
Noelle T6 MVs for N1 N2 and N3:
115% + 106.63% + 125.38% = 347.01%
Assume N3D = 128 frame execution with Jean C2: 347.01 / 128 = 2.711 x 60 = 162.66%
N3D with Jean C2 = 162.66% MV/s
Noelle Dragon Strike Frame Count: with Jean C2 & Anemo Resonance <--- I kind of fck'd up here, I shouldnt be using Anemo RES. Thankfully the extra 10% move speed shouldn't mess up results here.
start of 1st N1: 5:51
start of 2nd N1: 7:38
start of 3rd N1: 9:29
start of 4th N1: 11:16
2-1 = 107
3-2 = 111
4-3 = 107 <--- too slow can go faster, see second string
start of 1st N1: 22:05
start of 2nd N1: 23:41
start of 3rd N1: 25:17
start of 4th N1: 26:46
start of 1st N1: 27:45
start of 2nd N1: 29:22
2-1 = 96
3-2 = 96
4-3 = 89 <--- wow
2-1 = 97
Noelle T6 MVs
T6 N1 = 115%
T6 plunge = 216.78%
N1 + plunge = 331.78%
Calculating using Frame Perfect(?) 89 frame execution
331.78 / 89 = 3.727 x 60 = 223.67%
N1P spam = 223.67% (with Jean C2)
N3 Sprint cancel = 162.66% MV/s (WITH Jean C2)
An increase in DPS of 37.5%.
Calculating using human average(?) 96 frame execution
331.78 / 96 = 3.456 x 60 = 207.36%
N1P spam = 207.36% (with Jean C2)
N3 Sprint cancel = 162.66% MV/s (WITH Jean C2)
An increase in DPS of 27.4%
By using Dragonstrike on Noelle with Jean C2, you will see around a 27.4% increase in dps over just spamming N3 dash cancels (also with Jean C2). With some more practice you could definitely shave off more frames with the increased attack speed as shown by the 89 frame N1P, which was the lowest I was able to get. I'd say the average N1 + plunge is 96 frames.
Question: Why isn't there a version without Anemo resonance? Anemo characters are shit to run with Noelle.
Author: I can't for the life of me get consistent plunges on these boomer hands without Anemo RES. I whiff more than I succeed, and if it's not consistent for me, then it's not realistic to me. If you can do it without move speed then, by all means. You can also use anything that gives you move speed. Doesn't have to be Anemo RES. Personally i just dont believe its worth doing atm, until we hav a good move speed buffer that doesn't gimp the comp. Tested with macros, even with macros I couldn't get consistent plunges without some form of move speed buff.
Noelle's Burst Procs Breastplate
Noelle's Burst can proc the heal from Breastplate.
Popping shield before Burst guarantees two heal instances while invulnerable.
Noelles Skill Hit Activates Healing
The initial hit of Noelle's Skill can trigger her healing.
Clarification on in-game Skill descriptionBreastplate's description says that Normal and Charged Attacks can activate healing, but the initial Skill hit can as well.
How Does Noelles Elemental Burst Interact With Temporary Defence Buffs?
Noelle's Elemental Burst snapshots the current defence value at the time of activation for the ATK increase.
Burst was activated then a ATK value of 3,534 was observed. This value did not increase after 235 DEF was applied with a food buff.
This means that users of whiteblind needs to keep the stack at max or stack it before activating Burst for full value of the active effect.
C2: Combat Maid
Noelle's Spin Damage on C2 is Additive
Finding: The 15% spin damage bonus on C2 behaves like most other DMG% sources, meaning it is additive and goes into the formula as (1 + DMG%).
Evidence: YouTube (credits to)
Expected damage before C2 using SS:
Damage if 15% is additive: matches with 502 with a slight error
Damage if 15% is multiplicative: doesn't match
Damage if 15% is added to talent MV: doesn't match. Value being equal to multiplicative is a coincidence
191 Base ATK, 510 weapon ATK, 490 arti ATK
C6, lv10 AA (100% mv on spin)
SS R2 5 stacks (+35%)
83.4% CD, 100% CR = CRIT multiplier of 1.834
70% Physical RES
(90 + 100) / (90 + 83 + 200) = 0.509 defense multiplier
Significance: With SS and no other DMG% sources, C2 increases spin damage by 11.11%. With other DMG% sources, this value will only get lower. At AA lv10, this means a full spin with dash cancel does (190.67 1.111) = 211.83 mv/s, and a full spin jump cancel, at (183.26 1.111) = 203.61 mv/s. Frame data was taken from Artesians doc.
Meanwhile, N3 dash sits at 208.24, and N4 dash at 215.26. This means that even a full spin into dash is only barely better than N3 dash, and a full spin into jump (the more realistic option due to stamina management) is slightly worse than N3 dash.
This confirms what was already common knowledge: only use spin if you need to heal or lower Breastplate CD more quickly.
C4: To Be Cleaned
Does Noelle's C4 snapshot attack when Breastplate is cast or when the shield breaks?
Finding: It takes the ATK value when it breaks.
Evidence: Activated a shield without Burst and had it break with Burst, then one vice versa. The damage on the shield break when Burst was active was higher.
Significance: Break your shield while your Burst is active if possible.
Noelle C4 DS
What I have found is that you need to have either frame perfect DS timing, or you need a 10%+ speed bonus from either Diona ascension, Jean C2, or 2 player Anemo unit synergy to reach consistent DS. I have also found that the instance of a shield break from C4 Noelle can also elongate the amount of time you have to do a proper DS. This is exceptionally difficult to pull off.
Standard Dragon Strike: YouTube
What this shows is how DS is able to be consistent with a speed bonus. In my case I happened to use my C2 jean to DS. But this is not needed for DS.
Outside of this however, I found that it is not necessarily movement speed. While it allows for much easier and consistent DS performance, and considering this interaction I also realized something further.
Weird Dragon Strike: YouTube
What I had found is that the hitstun of the shield breaking (Noelle c4) can allow something that would normally be frame perfect to perform a DS(without a speed bonus of any kind), Even when it is not frame perfect. The timing for this was from finding that when you E on Noelle she gets a shield on a 24 seconds CD. I waited for her to reach roughly 15.8 to 15.4 on the CD when I start the combo (end on the 4th hit with a jump DS). This is incredibly specific and hard to pull off consistently. (varies between users)
Significance: This is significant because this could potentially apply to any shields that break and deal damage on break, but further than that, any timed breaks or timed damage instances could change how the game is played. This is an unexplored avenue and could be interesting.
Noelle's C4 damage
Noelles C4 damage instance is considered Skill damage.
Testing done by and
Damage procs Sacrificial Greatsword passive - Video
Damage increases with 2gambler bonus - Video
Damage calculations for Noelle.
Noelle C6 Burst Extension
Noelle can extend her Burst duration at C6 to maximum by being off field at the time it is supposed to expire
Video by manome: YouTube
Further video evidence by the author: YouTube
Noelle can maximize her Burst duration without getting a kill, reducing her battery needs and allowing her to maximize Burst with significantly less effort.
How does Sacrificial Greatsword work with Noelle?
Finding: Sacrificial can proc on either activation or the pop from C4. If reactivated while shield is already active, the first shield is replaced and you do not get the C4 pop.
Evidence: Hit Lawachurl with C4 pop and cooldown reset. Hit Ruin Guard with a double E from Sacrificial and didn't get the C4 pop. YouTube
Significance: If you're C4, use the sacrificial reset after the shield pops, not while it's active.
How does 2NO interact with Noelle Q?
YouTube - Noelle with NO
YouTube - Noelle w/o NO
Result: The only swing affected by NO is the one initiated by the ult. Interestingly, the activation of the ult creates a "shockwave" which does damage (1st damage number in attached vids). This damage is also affected by NO. Enhanced basic attacks are not affected by NO.
A maid who faithfully serves the Knights of Favonius. She dreams of joining their ranks someday.
Noelle Mains Discord
Full Noelle Guide: The One-Maid Army
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Optimal damage is a 4-hit cancel when hitting all targets or 3-hit cancel when the fourth hit won't hit all enemies.
Noelle is able to perform dragonstrike, but because of her model, it's difficult to perform by hand without movement speed buffs. However, the characters that increase movement speed do not synergize well with Noelle in normal play. Performing dragonstrike on Noelle via N1 + plunge nets on average, about a 27% increase in DPS compared to N3D.
Breastplate's damage shares standard ICD with To Be Cleaned (C4).
The damage from To Be Cleaned (C4) is calculated using Noelles current attack at the moment the shield breaks.
When the shield breaks it creates enough hitlag that you can perform a Plunge attack if you jump at the correct time, however unless you purposefully break the shield it can be hard to time correctly.
The initial hit of Breastplate can trigger the healing as well, not just Normal and Charged Attacks.
Noelle's infused Normal and Charged Attacks apply 1U Geo and have no ICD.
The DEF to ATK conversion is snapshotted when you activate Burst so any changes to DEF after Burst is used will not affect ATK.
The two activation damage instances can proc the healing effect from Breastplate.
Hitting multiple opponents with a single attack is only counted as one hit.
This is an additive DMG% bonus.
C4 shares ICD with Noelle's Elemental Skill damage.
The damage from To Be Cleaned is calculated using Noelles current attack at the moment the shield breaks.
Noelle can extend her Burst duration at C6 to maximum by being off field at the time it is supposed to expire
The bonus DEF conversion from Must Be Spotless is additive (i.e. it takes the bonus from 56% DEF to 106% DEF at talent level 6).
Full Talent Values
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water. It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Charge straight ahead at the player.
Heals very quickly.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Walks sideways while spitting a stream of water bubbles at the player.
They will occasionally stop moving to rest.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Shoots a long-range torrential waves straight at the player.
The cooldown period between each wave is substantial, but each wave deals massive damage.
If the player gets too close to the crane, they may back off.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Attacks the player from close range.
Can quickly heal.
If the player continuously walks closely around them in a circle, they would turn to face the player and not attack.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Pounce from close range.
Can do small leaps or big leaps that deal heavy splash damage on hit.
Upon death, the finch creates a water bomb that explodes in a massive AoE on its height level.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Can use various Skills such as water splash, tackle, and pounce.
Upon death, the frog creates a water bomb that explodes in a massive AoE at its height level.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Follows the player around with a water vortex underneath it that deals damage over time within a certain AoE of the mallard.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
Is an airborne enemy that swoops at players from above, capable of dealing great knockback or poise damage.
As it flies, it's out of reach of most melee characters, but they can be hit by ranged characters. Abilities that have large (vertical) AoE or that increase one's vertical height can also help hit the raptors.
A life-form created from condensed Hydro elements of incredible purity. Often attached to bodies of water.It is said that as water bodies become purer, the Hydro elements within grow more abundant, causing the Oceanids to grow more powerful. It is also said by some that Oceanids were once sea creatures from a home far away who carried the fragments of a long-dead god to the many corners of this world. Perhaps they did this so that the love their god held for this world could be spread through the waters to all the land...
None. On certain event versions, it's face.
The boss cannot be attacked or receive damage outside of event versions.
Summons various different water animals, named Hydro Mimics, that must be fought and defeated in order to harm the boss.
There are 8 different types of mimics in total that can be spawned by Oceanid.
Each type has a decreased resistance to certain Element, apart from Hydro, which they are completely immune to.
As with all other Hydro wildlife, they can hover on water.
The animals are split into 3 different categories based on the number that is summoned of them at once; Trio Mimics(Cranes&Raptors), Duo Mimic(Mallard&Crab, Boar&Ferrett) and Solo Mimics(Frog&Finch)
After clearing two waves of Hydro Mimics, the Oceanid will select two random tiles in the 33 grid of the arena and sink them.
The central arena tile will never be selected and is therefore a safe spot for players to stand on during this ability.
The sinking tiles may deal damage to the player if sinking along.
The Oceanid submerges for a period of time, before resurfacing again.
If the Hydro Mimics are not defeated in a certain amount of time, the Oceanid creates a whirlpool below the player that follows them, deals DoT damage, and explodes after a while, dealing massive damage.
Talks continuously, taunting the player with its non-stop chatting and stalling the fight.
Muting audio is ineffective against this attack.
Omni-Ubiquity Net Stuff
Findings and Evidence:
The Omni-Ubiquity Net (OUN) has a 1-animal-per-net limit. - YouTube
If more than one animal is in the OUN's AoE, the animal closest to the player is captured. - (YouTube, imgur, imgur, imgur, imgur)
Using the OUN near an animal will startle nearby animals, even if Sayu/Aloy are in the party, even if no animal is actually captured. - (YouTube, YouTube, YouTube)
The OUN does not seem to have a time limit on how long it can be held without capturing an animal (Additionally, you can rotate a full 360 degrees while holding it, but there is a maximum upper/lower angle that it can be aimed). - YouTube
The OUN can't be used in Domains or Abyss, like most other gadgets. - YouTube
The OUN can capture birds in midair if the player is quick enough. - YouTube
It's possible to capture Frozen boars from Dragonspine without unfreezing them. - YouTube
The OUN can be used in another player's world, regardless of guest/host status. - (YouTube, YouTube)
OUN has an estimated range of at least 23.46 meters.
Albedo E radius is nearly exactly 4 Abyss Tiles, which is 2.55 x 4 = 10.20 meters - imgur.
Albedo E radius on Mondstadt street is ~10 blocks. OUN flew ~23 Mondstadt stone blocks or 23.46 meters - imgur.
How the player's distance from an animal and aim with the OUN affect which animal is captured has inconclusive results and needs further investigation. - (YouTube, YouTube, YouTube)
Better understanding of how the Omni-Ubiquity Net (OUN) works.
Better chance of catching the animal you want.
No cheating to get achievements.
The Omni-Ubiquity Net (OUN) has a 1-animal-per-net limit.
If more than one animal is in the OUN's AoE, the animal closest to the player is captured.
Using the OUN near an animal will startle nearby animals, even if Sayu/Aloy are in the party, even if no animal is actually captured.
The OUN does not seem to have a time limit on how long it can be held without capturing an animal (Additionally, you can rotate a full 360 degrees while holding it, but there is a maximum upper/lower angle that it can be aimed).
The OUN can't be used in Domains or Abyss, like most other gadgets.
The OUN can capture birds in midair if the player is quick enough.
It's possible to capture frozen boars from Dragonspine without unfreezing them.
The OUN can be used in another player's world, regardless of guest/host status.
OUN has an estimated range of at least 23.46 meters.
You could check the evidence vault regarding Omni-Ubiquity Net for more details.
On-Field and Off-Field
On-Hit Means On-Field
According to some Talent, Constellation, weapon, and artifact descriptions, the ability is triggered when the character scores a hit. Some descriptions say that they work even if the character is off-field, however, for all the descriptions that do not say, it is quite inconsistent and depends on which one it is.
On-hit does not always mean on-field.
On-Hit Effects During Burst
Passives that trigger on getting hit or damaged will trigger if hit during Elemental Burst cast.
More info for timing bursts to trigger beneficial passives, even when shielded.
Aquila Favonia is also affected, but this behavior is already recorded for it in the library.
One character's shield (The Bell, Noelle A1) can trigger shield-related buffs off-field, e.g. Geo Resonance, The Bell passive.
No Geo Resonance (baseline video as reference)
Noelle's A1 Passive
Retracing Bolide (Courtesy of)
Sayu, The Bell, no passive
Sayu, The Bell, off-field passive
Certain shields can affect the unit with passives while off-field.
Bloom CRITS and ICD
Whether Bloom-related Reaction DMG under DMG ICD can trigger on-CRIT effects.
At 1:57 and 6:40 it shows that Xinyan receives buff arrows (indicating her C1 has activated), despite not having any large numbers indicating critical DMG being dealt.
At 1:45 it also shows the same behavior, with better control testing.
Explanation: Xinyan C1 triggers when a CRIT is triggered by her, and Nahida C2 CRIT on Bloom and Bloom-related Reactions count. The testing determines whether the 3rd instance of a Bloom-related reaction triggered at the same time would cause Xinyan's C1 to trigger, even if the DMG for it would be dismissed/ignored due to the 2-hit DMG Instance ICD.
Conclusion: Bloom-related Reaction DMG under DMG ICD can still trigger certain on-CRIT effects such as Xinyan C1.
Better understanding of on-CRIT interactions with reactions.
On-Field and Off-Field
On-Hit and On-Field
Not all on-hit abilities require the character to be on-field during the hit to be triggered. For a list of Talents, Constellations, and weapon and artifact passives tested, see this sheet.
On-Hit Effects During Burst
Passives that trigger on getting hit or damaged (such as Serpent Spine passive, The Bell passive) will trigger if the player is hit during Elemental Burst cast.
A character's shield (The Bell, Noelle A1) can trigger shield-related buffs off-field, such as Geo Resonance and The Bell's passive.
Bloom-related Reaction DMG under DMG ICD can still trigger certain on-CRIT effects such as Xinyan C1.
Basic Mechanics and Known Locations:
There are a few small rocks in the overworld with interesting properties. They can be damaged and destroyed, and they can also deal Geo damage when dropped.
Current known locations for rocks:
North of the Dragonspine Adventurer's Guild Camp (1 Rock): Imgur
Cape Oath (2 groups of 4 Rocks each): Imgur 1, Imgur 2
Weird Blue Rocks
Basic Mechanics and Known Locations:
A known cousin of the rock, these 2 blue rocks can be found in Enkanomiya, can be burned away with Pyro, do not respawn, and can absorb Cryo.
The current known locations for these rocks:
Inside small square building behind Vishap Research Lab (2 rocks)
Teapot Dog Abuse
0-poise attacks also register on Kageroumaru.
Kageroumaru can hold non-Elemental statuses, but not marks.
Kageroumaru's parry does not have a cooldown. He reacts to all attacks inflicted on him, including every single hit of a multi-hit attack.
Interactions with the Thunder Fog in The Thundering Wilds daily commission.
Sucrose's N1, N2, and N3 don't work on their own.
Sucrose's N1 and N2 work when there is something next to it that she can target, so it's assumed that N3 is the same way, but no one has been able to actually do it yet.
Every other Anemo ability works on its own.
The attacks from Anemo Slimes don't work, some examples of things that Sucrose can't target (and can't disperse the fog with) are the Portable Waypoint, Serenitea Pot, and Windblume Festival Commemorative Balloon.
Little Meng's Little Bottle
During the commission Ahoy! A Pirate's Growth for Ye! Little Meng throws a bottle into Bishui River. If you approach the middle of the river, you can find and read the bottle, and you can also climb and stand atop of it.
As of Version 2.6, there are 233 (+1 or +2) respawnable investigation spots that drop artifacts.
Liyue (pre 2.0) - 48 spots.
Dragonspine - 7 spots.
Liyue (added in 2.0) - 6 spots.
Inazuma non-Tatarasuna - 24 spots.
Tatarasuna - 24 spots.
Bake-danukis - 11 spots.
Cannons - 5 spots.
Conch spots on the beach - either 1 or 2 spots - rng based.
Patch 2.1 introduced 2 more islands. Each island has:
Seirai island: 44 spots.
Watatsumi island: 24 spots.
Bake-danukis - 6 spots.
Patch 2.2 introduced Tsurumi Island:
Moshiri Kara: 1 spot (north of Tsurumi Island).
Tsurumi Island: 14 spots.
Patch 2.6 introduced The Chasm:
Overworld: 4 spots.
Underground: 25 spots.
Liyue + Dragonspine
Inazuma + Bake-danukis
It is advised to leave Tatarasuna for last due to the investigation spot daily limit.
Waverider level is determined by World Level.
The Waverider has 0 DEF and 0 Elemental Resistances.
Waverider heals 0.65% when the player is outside of it, and 5% when inside and not in combat. Percentages are in terms of Waverider max HP.
Waverider is not affected by corrosion. If a character is affected by corrosion and enters the boat, HP does not continue to decay, but the duration of the corrosion effect still ticks.
When the Waverider is in water that is too shallow for it, it slowly drifts towards deeper water.
When you try to go over a waterfall, you either get stuck if the water is too shallow... or the boat deconstructs.
Waverider vs Environment
Waverider can be hit by lightning (possibly only in shallow water)
Waverider takes Electro-Charged damage if player is in the boat.
Waverider takes damage from the environment, such as Electro crystals and Cryo mistflowers. The player needs to be in the boat.
Waverider is not affected by Balethunder or "spicy water".
Waverider vs Player
Waverider cannot be CC'd with Anemo attacks such as Jean's or Venti's Elemental Skill.
Waverider can be slightly shifted with Geo Traveler's Elemental Skill.
You cannot raise the boat with Albedo's Elemental Skill.
You cannot place Zhongli's Steles near the boat.
There is a zone around the Waverider where the water can't be Frozen.
If you use the Waverider TP to summon the Waverider when the "destination" is Frozen, it deconstructs.
The overworld map is split into multiple zones that affect enemy level and environmental reactions. There are "no level" zones which take on the level of the previous zone visited.
Overworld entities like grass, water, flowers, and crystals have levels, and do damage depending on those levels.
Flower stamens deal damage based on a static, pre-determined level assigned to them.
The Chasm Underground
Golden Apple Archipelago 2022
Some constructs take zone level damage, a list of those that have been documented can be found here.
Zone level damage is based on the players current location, not the location of whatever is taking damage.
Water in Genshin exists only in horizontal, 2-dimensional sheets.
True water, water that can be reacted with, is not graphically represented at all times, additionally, graphically represented water is only an approximation.
Genshin's water is coded in a way where the visual water and actual layer are separate, thus there is an invisible field of water that does not apply wet in random places of the world, but can be infused.
Applying Electro to water does not produce Electro-Charged, instead it creates an instance of Electrified.
Some fountains and pools of water cannot create an instance of Electrified.
Overworld water applies Hydro with an ICD of 0.25 seconds, a strength of 10 durability per tick, up to a max of 50, and a duration of 8 seconds, regardless of durability.
Not all graphically represented water in waterfalls will apply the Wet status to the active character. See this Vault Entry for a complete map.
Frozen water can be isolated from regular water by changing the water level or position after freezing the water.
It is inert and will not be affected by Elemental applications or abilities. This is in contrast to regular Frozen water, which has numerous interactions with Elemental applications.
Water from certain sources in Fontaine, including from the city, aquabus routes and hot springs, can't be frozen.
Underwater water in Fontaine is not wet for enemies, but is wet for characters. See this Vault Entry for more information.
If it's raining and you approach Mondstadt, the rain will stop, even though the rain will continue outside Mondstadt.
Overworld rain applies Hydro with an ICD of 0.5 seconds, and a strength of 10 durability per tick, up to a max of 30. The duration of Hydro aura applied by rain is currently unknown.
It is unknown if normal rain and thunderstorm rain have the same properties.
Rain water Hydro is different from regular Hydro, and the game doesnt recognize it as the same as Hydro from different sources (Such as player Hydro and Hydro from bodies of water). This is proved as the crystal doesnt update and reapply Electro onto itself as it thinks no Element was applied onto it, removing the Electro. Game does not recognize rain Hydro, as other sources of Hydro.
Electrified is an Electro+Hydro reaction that can only be triggered with the usage of overworld water.
Electrified tick count scales with Electro gauge strength applied.
Electrified is a harmful reaction against both player and enemy.
Electrified's damage is classified as transformative, but it works off of environment bases.
The area in which an Electro crystal can zap a player is rectangular, with the crystal positioned off-center.
Electro crystals near a beach/water seem to have a special electric field with many irregular properties.
An electric crystal can have its aura removed, but it will be reapplied.
When it's raining, you can apply Hydro aura using 2U Cryo (Kaeya) then end rain (by time skipping) and the crystal will not apply Electro to itself again. It has to be 2U, 1U wont work.
So far the crystal can hold Cryo, Hydro, and Electro.
Overworld grass generally takes 2 units of Pyro to ignite. However, some abilities do not interact with grass.
Burning grass has standard ICD - 3 hits/2.5 seconds.
Elemental applications can be used to destroy or/and damage bushes. However not all elements are equal in this regard.
Bushes take one unit of Pyro Elemental application to light on fire.
For Catalyst users, only Hydro and Pyro are the kinds of Plunge Attacks that can destroy bushes. Vault Entry
Unloading and reloading an area causes trees/plants to pick up their fruits (like apples, sunsettias, lavender melon and berries). Vault Entry
Structures do not count as "opponents" for the purposes of triggering abilities like Albedo's Elemental Skill.
Lit campfires essentially have a 1U aura of Pyro that don't decay over time.
Consuming the campfire aura requires one of the following:
One 1U application of Hydro or Electro
Two 1U applications of Cryo, Anemo, or Geo
One 2U (or higher) application of Cryo, Anemo, or Geo
The aura on the campfire is 1U, regardless of the Pyro aura applied.
For example: Bennett's tap E, which applies 2U of Pyro, still creates a campfire that behaves the exact same as one lit with 1U of Pyro.
You can light torches and Melt Ice Flowers with 0 gauge Pyro hits, such as Overload, Hu Tao's Skill cast, and Yoimiya's Skill cast.
Barrel damage is affected by the unit's defense, following the damage formula here: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Defense. Attributes such as level, ascension, max HP have no effect on the amount of damage inflicted by barrel explosions.
Barrels do Pyro damage, and is affected by reactions such as Vaporize as well as Pyro Resistance.
Damage Reduction such as Xingqiu Rain Sword orbitals can reduce explosion damage.
Explosive barrels have levels.
Barrel levels (probably) follow zone level rules.
Using a Normal Attack/Skill/Burst while starting a bounce animation (on the Bouncy Mushroom) will cancel the bounce on the player, which is easier to do with attacks that come out quicker.
In the related Sumeru daily commission, the cancel must be input at around 4 frames after the Bouncy Mushroom's bounce animation has started. Doing it early will not count and doing it late risks being up in the air, unable to cancel the animation.
Elemental Damage against Jadewater Fruit scales with gauge.
As of 3.0, coordinates are no longer available in the feedback url.
Coordinates from in-game could be translated into the Official Teyvat Interactive Map and vice versa for easier navigation.
Character coordinates change whenever the game state is not Frozen (unpaused single player).
After reaching a certain height in locations of The Chasm, Paimon will say some lines. Usually these are triggered when you try climbing up to a light source.
Regardless of the height difference, no fall damage will be taken after jumping from a spoutrock unless you:
Roll off a cliff (counts as landing, you don't take damage for roll but the next landing won't be soft)
Use mid-air Skills e. g. Xiao
Plunge (normal reduced fall damage for plunge, capped at 40% max HP)
Geo Active Pillars in The Chasm have the following properties:
Heavy attacks on the pillars activate a shockwave with center on the pillars, and the shockwaves are heavy attacks as well.
All pillars have an ICD of 10s before they can send another shockwave, approximately. They still can register hits while in CD.
Only pillars surrounded by golden wind will send shockwaves when hit by a player. Otherwise the pillar will still register a hit but wont create a shockwave.
Shockwaves resonate with some objects. These include Geo Constructs and other pillars. Once it hits the object, it will send another shockwave.
Geo Constructs will be destroyed once hit by a shockwave and send another shockwave, regardless if their HP is higher than 27.419.
Damageable and undamageable summons work as intended. If a damageable one has >27.419 it will survive. Undamageable ones wont be affected at all.
More about the pillars:
They can hold Cryo auras.
They arent defined as enemies, but as entities.
More about the shockwaves:
They damage enemies with 27.419 true damage and have a 1U gauge.
They dont have vertical height.
They deal inconsistent damage if the enemy isnt engaged in combat.
Lumenstone Adjuvant restores 10 Stamina every time it is used (at level 9 and above).
Electro seelie when on a mount, can apply Electro at any vertical range, but not when it has yet to reach its final destination. Vault Entry
During Daily Commissions, Phase Gates will be invisible but can still be used.
When landing on the side of certain pillars in Enkanomiya, you will not take fall damage.
Golden Apple Archipelago
Some objects like Geo Constructs and gadgets can reflect Melodic Bloom Notes found within Golden Apple Archipelago (2022).
Passives that reduce stamina consumption when swimming do not apply to Fontaine water.
Bodies of water in Fontaine's cities (or urban residential areas) are not considered water environments, although they still apply Wet status onto characters. You can't trigger reactions onto them (Electro-Charged, Vaporize) as well as not be able to trigger some Anemo characters' passives (e.g. Wanderer's A1, Kazuha's A1).
Characters dont trigger voice lines while underwater.
Underwater attacks count for triggering on-hit/on-damage effects like Raiden's Skill, but do not count as normal attacks.
4TF and 4CW set bonuses towards Overload and Superconduct do not apply to reactions involving objects or elementally modified terrain such as electrified and Frozen water.
The 1.6 EM buffs didn't increase the reaction damage caused by environmental sources, such as Electro crystals.
The current world state & character position is saved between different world maps.
The game will revives the player's party at 35% Max HP when all party members die.
The revival happens at the closest Teleport Waypoint, Domain, or Statue of The Seven relative to where the last member died.
Drowning or falling into the void only removes 10% of Max HP during revival.
Treasure Compass range:
Treasure Compass detection depends on the chest rendering. Chest rendering suffers from an ItDepends .
Chest rendering seems to be square, off-set from chest, 360m x 360m for some while 180m x 180m for others.
The Cryo Element is able to be applied to many overworld objects, such as ores and animals. Additionally, it has been demonstrated that some overworld objects can hold Cryo without said Cryo being visible through Elemental sight.
Flying Anemo Slimes and Bloaty Floaty bubbles have hitboxes that can move characters.
It is possible to view the prompt (but not catch fish) from far above and below the fishing spot.
In addition to this, it is possible to catch fish from underwater.
Eagles can get stuck on terrain. Unlike other animals they do not have collision with players. They can be hit by melee attacks and at short range they attract auto-aim.
Some places in Teyvat are high. Such as the hidden library in Enkanomiya having the highest Y-coordinate, followed up by the Dragonspine Skyfrost.
When characters use abilities that make them vanish, companions (Mini Seelies, Endora, Shiki Kousho, etc) will disappear as well.
Enemy deaths caused by the environment (fall damage, drowning, burning grass, electrified water) do not proc weapon passives with on kill requirements.
Tri Lakshana creatures in the Normal and Activated states have Dendro auras and can be applied with Hydro to create Dendro Cores.
Bubble attacks of Hydro Floating Fungi/Hydro Slime can be attacked with Dendro to break it and also produce a Dendro Core.
In addition to Electro Crystals being capable of holding Cryo and Hydro auras, they can also hold Dendro auras and be used to produce Dendro Cores.
Baron Bunny can create Dendro Cores in overworld water.
Every single construct has different properties about Elements that can (or can not) be applied and/or react to them. Source of application also matters. For specific info, check out the Evidence Vault.
There are a few small rocks in the overworld with interesting properties. They can be damaged and destroyed, and they can also deal Geo damage when dropped.
The current known locations for these rocks:
North of the Dragonspine Adventurer's Guild Camp (1 Rock): Imgur
Cape Oath (2 groups of 4 Rocks each): Map - View of Rocks
Rock does not respawn
Initial rock was found and destroyed on November 3, 2021: Imgur
The rock at this location has not reappeared as of December 5, 2021.
Rock has around 8000HP at WL8: YouTube
Rock does not light up with Elemental Sight: YouTube
Rock has 0 DEF and 0 RES: Imgur
Amber and Sara both have 85 ATK and 124% CA modifier. 1.24 85 = 105.4. The damage number was 105.
Rock is targetable (Guoba and Oz will target the rock, for example): Imgur
Rock can hold Cryo aura:
Swirl and Crystallize
No phys RES Shred is applied to the Rock
Rock can do Geo damage when it falls and takes fall damage:
This attack can hit other rocks and players: YouTube
Rock level is estimated to be Level 75
The damage is affected by DEF, most likely Geo RES too but unconfirmed
The Geo damage has a gauge, and will Crystallize when hitting a player with an aura:
Jean Skill can yeet the Rock:
Venti Burst can suck in the Rock:
AMC Burst can move the Rock: Imgur
GMC Boulders move the Rock: Imgur
Overload can move the Dragonspine Rock, but didn't seem to move the Cape Oath Rocks: Dragonspine Cape Oath
Ayaka A4 does not proc on the Rock:
Kazuha A4 does not proc on the Rock:
Mona Burst does not apply Omen to the Rock:
Rock is not affected by Zhongli RES Shred or Lisa DEF Shred:
Spawning the teapot on top of the Rock makes it disappear:
Rock behaves weird on ledges: Imgur
Sometimes fall damage does not trigger on landing, and the rock will just disappear:
It is currently not known if World Level affects rock HP or damage. This may change in the future.
The Rock (Igneous Pebblus) is a federally endangered species which is currently known to live in various regions of Mondstadt. The range of the Rock historically included the northern part of Dragonspine and various clusters in Cape Oath. Exploitative research and tree farming have driven this species to near extinction. It is unknown if there are surviving habitats of Rocks in other parts of Teyvat.
The Weird Blue Rock
There are few piles of unique blue rocks in the Enkanomiya with interesting properties. They can be destroyed and represent unique blend of features native to other overworld objects.
The current known locations for these rocks:
Inside small square building behind Vishap Research Lab (2 rocks)
Blue rocks can be burned down
Blue rocks do not respawn
Initial pile was found and destroyed on January 9, 2022
The pile at this location has not reappeared as of February 9, 2022: Imgur
Blue rocks light up with Elemental Sight: Imgur
Blue rocks are targetable, examples:
Blue rocks can hold Cryo aura:
The hitbox of blue rocks seems to sink bow attacks directed at them at certain angles showing lack of hit animations or Charged Attack explosions.
test demonstrating consistent arrow sinking from different types of bow users at the same spot (except lvl 2 Ganyu Bloom explosion) Imgur
test demonstrating consistent arrow hits from all types of bow users at different angle Imgur
test demonstrating arrow glitch affects long range attacks as well Imgur
Furthering the knowledge of the cursed overworld of Teyvat.
Considering the island is called the Vishap Research Lab and the enclosure-like nature of the room, I can only surmise that Bathysmal Vishaps who were experimented on were kept in there at some point. The strange substance left behind on the ground is therefore most likely a reptile coprolite - the fossilized excrement of the Vishaps. The cobalt blue color is likely due to the Elemental constitution of the beasts, and the crystal-like formation may be thanks to the uric acid that was present at the time of discharge. The easily flammable property further proves my point, since coprolite is mostly carbon. (Mr.)
Teapot Dog Abuse
0-poise attacks also register on Kageroumaru.
Imgur (notice the double hits)
Kageroumaru take hits like a chad.
Helps to map out how XQs orbitals work.
Teapot Dog Abuse 2
Kageroumaru can hold non-Elemental statuses, but not marks.
Xiangling C1+C2, Lisa Conductive stacks: Imgur
Childe Riptide: Imgur
Hu Tao Blood Blossom: Imgur
Yoimiya Aurous Blaze: Imgur
Qiqi Talisman: Imgur
Mona Bubble: Imgur
Kageroumaru can not be affected by the elements.
Categorisation of character-producing marked statuses:
First type is non status-affiliated mark (or simply mark). These marks so far are consistently referred to in-game by their names only, without mentioning the status effect. Examples include: Riptide, Blood Blossom, Fortune-Preserving Talisman, Aurous Blaze, etc.
Second type is status-affiliated mark (or simply status). These marks so far are consistently referred to in-game by their names, followed by the word status. Examples include: Implode status, Decreased RES status, Conductive status, etc.
Whether mHY keeps up with this consistency is unknown. Whether this is helpful to the general playerbase is unknown.
Precursor to #marks-and-statuses, if mHY decides to add more of this trend, so more testing can be done.
Teapot Dog Abuse 3
Kageroumaru reacts to all attacks used on him, including every single hit of a multi hit attack.
Poor Kageroumaru does not deserve this. He is just a cute dog. Well, THIS IS WHAT HE GETS FOR BEING LAZY AND STAYING IN MY TEAPOT INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME AROUND IN THE OVERWORLD. /s
Interactions with the Thunder Fog in The Thundering Wilds daily commission.
Sucrose's N1, N2, and N3 don't work on their own.
Sucrose's N1 and N2 work when there is something next to it that she can target, so it's assumed that N3 is the same way, but no one has been able to actually do it yet.
Every other Anemo ability works on its own.
The attacks from Anemo Slimes don't work, some examples of things that Sucrose can't target (and can't disperse the fog with) are the Portable Waypoint, Serenitea Pot, and Windblume Festival Commemorative Balloon.
Sucrose N1 and N2 not working: YouTube
Sucrose N1 and N2 working with an enemy/gadget, and N4 working on its own: YouTube
Not included in the video: YouTube
All other Anemo abilities that work: YouTube
Anemo Slimes not being able to disperse it and Sucrose not being able to target some gadgets: YouTube
You Can Stand On Little Meng's Little Bottle
During the commission Ahoy! A Pirate's Growth for Ye! Little Meng throws a bottle into Bishui River. If you approach the middle of the river, you can find and read the bottle, and you can also climb and stand atop of it.
knowledge about open-world mechanics.
Boat Mechanics Addendum
Waverider level is determined by world level.
The Waverider has 0 DEF and 0 Elemental resistances.
Waverider heals 0.65% when the player is outside of it, and 5% when inside and not in combat. Percentages are in terms of waverider max HP.
When the waverider is in water that is too shallow for it, it slowly drifts towards deeper water.
When you try to go over a waterfall, you either get stuck if the water is too shallow... or the boat deconstructs.
Waverider vs environment:
Waverider can be hit by lightning (possibly only in shallow water)
Waverider takes Electro-Charged damage if player is in the boat.
Waverider takes damage from the environment, such as Electro crystals and Cryo mistflowers. The player needs to be in the boat.
Waverider is not affected by balethunder or "spicy water".
Waverider vs player:
Waverider cannot be CC'd with Anemo attacks such as Jean's or Venti's E.
Waverider can be slightly shifted with Geo MC's E.
You cannot raise the boat with Albedo E.
You cannot place Zhongli Steles near the boat.
There's a zone around the waverider where the water can't be Frozen.
If you use the waverider TP to summon the waverider when the "destination" is Frozen, it deconstructs
Waverider is not affected by Corrosion. If a character is affected by corrosion and enters the boat, HP does not continue to decay, but the duration of the corrosion effect still ticks.
WR DEF + Hydro RES + Cryo RES
WR Pyro + Geo + Phys + Anemo RES
WR Electro RES
WR in shallow water
WR vs Waterfall
WR vs Lightning
WR vs Electro-Charged
WR vs environmental Dmg
WR vs inazuma environment
WR vs CC
WR vs Albedo, Zhongli and Geo MC
WR vs Freeze
WR vs TP troll
WR vs corrosion
Fluff, exploration, overworld survivability.
Electro Crystals have levels
Electro crystals have different damage values on the same world level, the recorded ones after defense are: 325, 267, 247, 279, 273, 297, 292, 303, 287, 283, the Lisa used for the test had 159 defense, meaning 15% damage reduction, further testing shows that there is no level differential taken into the formula for crystal attacks, but they do have levels as indicated by reactions, the pre defense damage dealt by them is: 373, 307, 284, 320, 313, 341, 335, 348, 320, 325 respectively to the values stated above, with the end results as:
The curious part is how 2 different crystal damages share the same level.
I went and got hit by every single Electro crystal on the map with no stat change or effects to affect the damage taken
the last 3 are in a different video that might as well be excluded as it provides nothing new
Electro-Charged testing result proof
Ruining kid's trust in miHoYo's consistency, fluff, learning how the world is made
Overworld Entities Have Levels
Overworld has levels for every "body", including water and grass and sand, trees, rocks, and other things that we can't prove in any other way other than the game's code which shows this, thus varying stats which is proven by their damage.
Flower stamens deal damage based on a static, pre-determined level assigned to them. While levels for grass are dynamic and change under currently unknown circumstances: Video
Water (using electrified): Video
Almost cracking the code for overworld. Now getting a bit closer.
Zone levels have been updated as of 2021-12-22 with more precise maps. See below.
The overworld in Genshin is split into multiple zones which can be distinguished by how much damage overworld reactions deal. These are the zones for Mondstadt.
A lot of painful testing was done via monitoring: enemy levels, Burning grass and Electrified, all of which can be found in the image above.
Fluff, and a deeper understanding of how the overworld is programmed.
With that, I consider this completed.
I have nothing but regrets.
Zone levels have been updated as of 2021-12-22 with more precise maps. See below.
The overworld map is split into multiple zones that effect damage dealt by environmental reactions. These are the zones for Liyue.
Full Resolution Map
Video representation of how I test/search borders: YouTube
Zone levels are usually very intuitive, Liyue has very messed up borders and a lot of bugs. Because of this, the borders are really weird and in some areas, the representation might not be very accurate.
Fluff and overworld documentation.
Zone levels have been updated as of 2021-12-22 with more precise maps. See below.
The overworld map is split into multiple zones that effect damage dealt by environmental reactions. These are the zones for Inazuma.
My methodology for the borders in the water can be seen in this video.
Also, I think we can all agree that trying to document anything in the ocean between Inazuma and Liyue is unreasonable, so the northern borders are completely made up.
Fluff, and overworld documentation I guess.
Zone Levels Update
Map has been updated and there is a newly discovered area that doesn't have a zone level. - Updated Mondstadt Map
The no level area (Mondstadt bridge) does not have any value marked in the game code. Burned grass and electrified water do damage, but the damage is depending on the previous zone level you have been in. In other words, that area's level is dynamic and fully dependent on your position on the map before entering it. - Video example of the no level area
Map has been updated. - Updated Liyue Map
Map has been updated. - Updated Inazuma Map
Map has been updated. - Updated Teyvat Map
By "'map has been updated" we understand:
- all the maps have more accurate borders that include even those present in the water
- all maps have high quality renders taken directly from the finished Teyvat render
- all maps share the same color marks specific to their level
The overworld map is split into multiple zones that effect damage dealt by environmental reactions. These are the zones for Enkanomiya.
Fluff and overworld documentation.
The Chasm and Teyvat Update
The overworld map is split into multiple zones that effect damage dealt by environmental reactions. These are the zones for Chasm and Teyvat.
Liyue with Chasm
Fluff and overworld documentation.
Golden Apple Archipelago 2022 Update
The overworld map is split into multiple zones that effect damage dealt by environmental reactions. These are the zones for Golden Apple Archipelago.
Fluff and overworld documentation.
Constructs Take Zone Level Damage
Some constructs take damage according to zone level.
Ganyu Skill: YouTube
Hilichurl Dummy: YouTube
The Rock: YouTube
Amber Skill: YouTube
Ningguang Skill: YouTube
Itto Skill: YouTube
Hilichurl Tower: YouTube
Hilichurl Target: YouTube
Hilichurl Hut: YouTube
Slime Pool: YouTube
Fluff and overworld documentation.
Zone Level Damage Is Based On Player Location
Zone level damage is relative to the player's position rather than the location of whatever is taking damage.
The burning damage changes as the player enters and exists different zone levels.
Zone levels are "global" in a sense.
No Raining in Mondstadt
If it's raining and you approach Mondstadt, the rain will stop, even though the rain will continue outside Mondstadt.
Can't do Hydro tests on dandelions near Mondstadt.
Genshin has 2D Water
Genshin's water exists only in horizontal, 2 dimensional sheets. Additionally, true water is not graphically represented at all times, while graphically represented water is only an approximation.
1 shows Jean standing in waterfall without getting wet.
2 shows venti climbing into waterfall below the 2d plane of "true water" without getting wet, but getting wet when he climbs into it at a slightly higher angle. When Venti then falls through the waterfall, he remains dry the entire time before impacting the second 2D plane of water.
Greyhound's videos demonstrate that such planes appear to have water properties from below (Clip 3), and that its edges in some cases look to be perfectly square (Clip 4). Razor illustrates the trouble with this in Clip 5 by electrocharging the "true water" hidden below a dry floor and hurting himself with the resulting Electro-Charged AoE.
Electro is awful for the overworld because you can Electro-Charged water which resides in a flat sheet invisibly below the ground with AoE attacks. By doing this, you take continuous damage while standing on a dry surface. Also, you can stand in waterfalls without getting wet.
Invisible Water Layer
Genshin's water is coded in a way where the visual water and actual layer are separate, thus there is an invisible field of water that does not apply wet in random places of the world, but can be infused
Invisible water being infused by Anemo MC: Video
Invisible water being infused by Sucrose: Video credits to @ishnu
Invisible water infused by Electro: Video
Water hitbox & reactions from UNDER the water, UNDER the ocean: Video
Understanding the cursed overworld of Teyvat.
Electrified Environment Reaction
Genshin's overworld works under a different set of reaction rules than the players, additionally supported by the entry Overworld Entities Have Levels, one of those different rules of reactions is Electrified water, when applying Electro to water, it does not produce Electro-Charged, instead it infuses the water with Electro for a few seconds, which does not apply Electro, does not spread, and is not affected by 4TF set bonus, this electrified water can damage both the player and enemies. Water additionally is seen as friend to both player and enemy, which questions the nature of this Electrified reaction even further.
Electrified water evidence, including 4TF attempts, enemy taking damage, as well as water never being a trigger to any reaction, only aura, as it's friendly to both parties: Video
There might be more reactions unknown to the player coded into the game's files for various reason, potentially to be used in the future or simply scrapped ideas that have not been remove.
Electrified Water Properties
The duration of the environmental Elemental reaction Electrified Water has varying duration based on the gauge strength of Electro applied. There are approximately 2 seconds between each tick. 1U of Electro lasts for 3 ticks, 2U lasts for 5 ticks, and 4U lasts for 10 ticks.
The damage dealt by Electrified water is affected by Electro Resistance. For example, a character with 15% Electro Resistance will take 85% of the Electrified Water damage.
Video contains Fischl and Lisa getting 3 ticks after applying 1U Electro with Charged Attacks. Razor hold E and Beidou E get 5 ticks, and Beidou Q initial proc gets 10 ticks. The video also shows damage being reduced according to Electro resistance obtained by the Protective Canopy Elemental Resonance. Finally, there is also footage of the monolith taking 248 damage from Electrified Water. The nearby slime (10% Electro RES) takes 223 damage from the same tick. Each tick reduces the monolith's health by about 1%. The monolith on Floor 2 of the Spiral Abyss will take damage from Electrified Water. Using Electrified Water, the monolith is found to have 0% Electro resistance and approximately 24,800 HP: Video
Learning more about how environmental reactions are programmed/calculated. Also, don't bring Electro units if you're trying to get the achievement for Floor 2-2 of the Spiral Abyss.
Overworld Hydro Gauge and ICD
Overworld Hydro can be split into 2 types:
Water (eg. seas, rivers, lakes, etc)
ICD = 0.25s
Strength = 10 durability per tick, stacks up to a max of 50
Duration = 8s, regardless of durability
Rain (unknown whether normal rain and thunderstorm rain work the same)
ICD = 0.5s
Strength = 10 durability per tick, stacks up to a max of 30
Duration = Unknown, could not manage to test
Water ICD and per-tick strength: Ticks happened every 0.25s. Number of ticks indicates that each tick was 10 durability.
Water Duration: Hydro aura disappears 8 seconds after leaving the water.
Water Max Strength, and Stacking:
The duration the Hilichurl was Frozen for indicates they had 48-50 durability
They were re-frozen 43 frames after falling into the water. Since water ticks every 15 frames, they should have had 3 ticks applied to them for 30 durability. Their Frozen duration matches 28-30 durability
Rain Max Strength:
Tested by freezing with both 25 and 50 Cryo, then comparing the duration to the Freeze duration formula
Freeze duration formula: t = 24 ( 5^0.5 ((x) + 20)^0.5 - 10 )
Where t is the Freeze duration in frames, and x is the Freeze aura durability, which is 2x the minimum of the Cryo and Hydro gauges.
25 Cryo test: Lasted 210 frames. This is the number for min(25, Hydro) = 25, so Hydro durability is at least 25
50 Cryo test: Lasted 240 frames. This is the number for min(50, Hydro) = 30, so Hydro durability is 30
Rain ICD and Per-tick Strength: The reductions in the Pyro shield happened every 30 frames, or 0.5s. The number of ticks it took to remove the Pyro shield indicates 10 durability per tick. The first reduction was 30 durability's worth, since the mage already had fully stacked rain on them when they applied their shield.
Better understanding of how overworld Hydro works for aura and reaction testing.
Fountain Water Cannot Cause Electrified
Fountain water does not react with Electro and cause Electrified water.
Teapot fish pool
Teapot Klee pool
Overworld spaghetti. Overworld bodies of water are not all the same.
Not All Falls Water is False Water
Waterfalls are inconsistent.
Most waterfalls apply the Wet status if you climb on the sides, but on occasion this won't happen. For most waterfalls, you only get the Wet status if you're climbing on either side of them, and not any other part. Gliding, falling, or walking onto the side will not apply the Wet status.
a. Most waterfalls do not apply the Wet status if you drop down or climb in the middle, but there are waterfalls that do.
b. There are platforms in waterfalls that can be landed/climbed onto. Some of these platforms will apply the Wet status, others will not. It's not always consistent even in the same waterfall.
If you climb up the middle part of the waterfall, you will get the Wet status, although this does not happen in certain waterfalls and parts of other waterfalls.
The edge of the waterfall between the water on the top and the actual falling water does not apply the Wet status when standing or swimming in it.
a. Getting the Wet status by climbing the sides: Video
b. Not getting the Wet status by climbing the sides: Video
c. Only getting the Wet status by climbing a specific area on the side: Video
Map of all the waterfalls: Google Sheets
Climbing up middle of a waterfall: Video
a. Swimming on the edge: Video
b. Floating on the edge: Screenshot
Not All Falls Water is False Water: Enkanomiya Addendum
Waterfalls are still inconsistent in version 2.4.
Adding point 2. c.
Some of the platforms mentioned in point 2. b. can be invisible.
New region mapped.
New waterfall testing techniques found.
Enkanomiya and research techniques tabs added to the existing waterfall sheet with links.
Update to the map of all waterfalls. Update to the original findings in the library entry. Added collection of tips for future generations of waterfall scholars.
Not All Falls Water is False Water: Chasm Addendum
Continuation of the theoryhunt for true falls water.
Chasm has been added to the existing waterfall sheet
Frozen Water Sans Water Is Unfreezable, Unmeltable, Etc.
Frozen water can be isolated from regular water by changing the water level or position after freezing the water. The patch of ice will be stationary, and you may stand on it or place constructs on it, just like the regular behaviour. It will also expire at the expected time for regular Frozen water. This is similar behaviour to Electro-Charged patches of water, which will also remain in place regardless of the water movement, and will behave as expected.
This ticket uses an area in Mona's GAA quest domain. Do note that the water level does continuously change between the 3 possible ending states, so you can Freeze or Electro-Charged water in between the "3 levels," but for ease of TC most of the tests were done at the top or middle level.
Note that there are visual bugs where the part of or the entire ice graphic may disappear prematurely. It is unknown whether this is because of the graphics settings I used, the mechanics of the water level changer, or an issue with Frozen water without regular water. This is entirely visual and the invisible ice functions the exact same.
However, Frozen water is inert and will not be affected by Elemental applications or abilities. This is in contrast to regular Frozen water, which has numerous interactions with Elemental applications.
Pyro: will not Melt the ice.
Cryo: will not extend the duration of Freeze.
Electro: will not produce a Superconduct effect.
Anemo: no Swirl, but regular Frozen water with water will not Swirl either.
Absorption: cannot absorb Cryo.
Geo: no Crystallize, but regular Frozen water with water will not Crystallize either.
Hydro: will not extend the duration of Freeze. No effect on regular Frozen water with water either, this is just to prove that there is no interaction with a hypothetical Cryo aura on the Frozen water.
One theory I had was that the water itself holds the Cryo aura, rather than the Physical manifestation of the Frozen water. However, an Elemental application to the corresponding displaced water does not behave as if there is any Cryo aura (no SC on Electro application), which does not support this conclusion.
Stationary: just look at any of the other ones omegalul
Standing, partial disappearance of ice bug: YouTube
EC stationary: YouTube
Continuous water movement: YouTube
Anemo, absorption: YouTube
Hydro, complete disappearance of ice bug: YouTube
No Superconduct on corresponding displaced water: YouTube
Bravo, MiYoHo. On the surface, this seems to be a relatively innocuous mechanic that has little impact on gameplay or balance. However, this is actually a brilliant mechanic that increases game depth and the Skill ceiling of Genshin Impact. Consider some alternate methods to implement the Frozen water mechanic:
One option is to make things "logical," for Frozen water to simply disappear when the water level moves, or to move with the water itself. There is nothing inherently bad about this approach, but it has little effect on gameplay, and the game will have less depth as a result. Allowing Cryo units to obtain the high ground, unlike other Elements, increases the variety and diversity in Genshin Impact. Consider the alternative. If every Element had the same capabilities, then the game would be much less interesting. Thus, the "logical" approach is undesirable.
Some Fontaine Water Is Not Water
Water in certain regions of fontaine can't be frozen
hot spring water
Water is water, but water is not water.
Underwater Water Isn't Wet But Only To Enemies
Recent findings literally show that water, in fact, when underwater, isnt wet (at least to enemies). As you can see, Nahidas Skill doesnt produce Bloom Cores and Raidens doesnt induce Electrocharged.
As for characters, water constantly applies Hydro underwater. Jeans burst has vertical range and keeps swirling the element while it also keeps getting reapplied.
Water isnt wet: Imgur
Water is wet: Imgur
Bringing Raiden can speed up murder but not much. Water isnt wet. And it is wet. Not only the skies of Teyvat are fake, but so are the oceans.
Electro Crystal Range
Electro crystals' pulse range works in a rectangle range, with the crystal being not centered, but rather between the center and the side
Significance: Electro crystals work in a similar way to Cryo & Pyro stamen flowers, for a better understanding of the overworld.
Parametric Crystal Electric Bungaloo
An electric crystal can have its aura removed, but it will be reapplied.
When it's raining, you can apply Hydro aura using 2U Cryo (Kaeya) then end rain (by time skipping) and the crystal will not apply Electro to itself again. It has to be 2U, 1U wont work.
So far the crystal can hold Cryo, Hydro, and Electro.
Rain water Hydro is different from regular Hydro, and the game doesnt recognize it as the same as Hydro from different sources (Such as player Hydro and Hydro from bodies of water). This is proved as the crystal doesnt update and reapply Electro onto itself as it thinks no Element was applied onto it, removing the Electro. Game does not recognize rain Hydro, as other sources of Hydro.
YouTube credit to
YouTube (On single crystal to prove not applied by another) credit to
YouTube credit to
Imgur Hydro on crystal
YouTube credit to
YouTube credit to
YouTube credit to (Proof works in 2.4)
Rain Hydro isnt the same as other Hydro sources. Electro crystals dont have infinite aura, it just constantly reapplies Electro aura, its more then 1U, but less then 2U.
Bushes take one unit of Pyro Elemental application to light on fire.
Don't go around lighting bush fires, kids.
Burning grass has standard ICD
Burning grass has standard ICD - 3 hits/2.5 seconds
Virgin running into a lake evidence by: Video
Chad perma wet evidence by: Video
Bush Elemental Interaction
Elemental applications can be used to destroy and damage bushes, however not all elements are equal in this regard. Additionally, there are several other abilities such as Jean's E, the cast of Kaeya's Burst, Albedo's Burst, etc... which can be used to both damage and destroy bushes.
Electro + Geo: Video
Burst knock back: Video
Optimizing your bush harvesting game.
Not All 2U Pyro Attacks Ignite Grass
Not all 2U Pyro attack ignite grass.
We already know applying 2U Pyro on grass can light them on fire with single hit, but for unknown reason some 2U Pyro attacks do not apply Pyro on grass.
Thoma Q initial hit (tested as 2U in thoma-basic-mechanics, not verified yet as of October 15, 2021 10:36 AM)
Yoimiya Q initial hit (Credit to)
Applying Pyro on grass is not a foolproof method for testing Elemental gauge since not all attacks apply Element to environment.
Trees Pick Up Fruits
Hitting trees causes them to drop their fruits; one for each instance of an attack. If you don't pick up the fruits they drop, you can teleport away from the trees and come back to find that the fruits are once again attached to the trees. You may also log out and log in to find the same thing happen.
Ergo, trees pick up their fruits. This applies to sunsettia, apple and lavender melon trees, as well as berries. Shooting trees from afar can potentially make it so that they pick up their fruits much later/slower than usual.
Logging in / out
Berries + lavender melon
The trees can pick up their fruits. Also, very useful for checking some attacks against trees that need fruits/use fruits as an indicator for something. No need to look for other trees as long as you don't pick up the fruits.
Cata Plunge Sometimes Destroys Bush
Hydro and Pyro are the only elements where Catalysts can destroy bushes through plunges, but they do it differently.
Hydro plunges cause the bush to wobble, and on the second plunge in short succession will destroy the bush; if this mechanic is thought of as stacks, the stack can be transferred between different characters.
Pyro Catalyst plunges always sets the bush on fire, regardless of if the bush was already affected by one previous Hydro Catalyst plunge (had a "stack"). A second plunge will not cause the bush to wobble nor will it destroy the bush.
The above conclusions are unaffected by rain weather.
YouTube (Kokomi, Barbara, Nahida, Heizou),
YouTube (Ningguang, Charlotte, Lisa)
YouTube (Mona, credits to Acerbus)
cdn.discordapp.com (Neuv, credit to soulfish)
YouTube (rain test)
YouTube (stack transfer)
YouTube (Klee, credits to petrb)
YouTube (Yanfei double plunge, credits to petrb)
Campfires act like 1U of Pyro Aura
Lit campfires essentially have a 1U aura of Pyro that don't decay over time.
Consuming the campfire aura requires one of the following:
One 1U application of Hydro or Electro
Two 1U applications of Cryo, Anemo, or Geo
One 2U (or higher) application of Cryo, Anemo, or Geo
The aura on the campfire is 1U, regardless of the Pyro aura applied.
For example, Bennett's tap E, which applies 2U of Pyro, still creates a campfire that behaves the exact same as one lit with 1U of Pyro.
Putting out campfires with utmost efficiency
Structures Aren't Enemies
Structures do not count as "opponents" for the purposes of triggering abilities like albedo's Elemental Skill.
Hilichurl Tower: YouTube
Slime Balloon: YouTube
Other random structures:
Overworld is hard.
Torch Lighting with Zero Gauge Pyro Hits
Some overworld objects (torches, mist flowers) interact with 0 gauge Pyro hits (hits that don't apply Pyro aura to enemies).
Overload and Torches:
Overload lighting a torch but not applying Pyro to hilichurl
Overload continuously reacting to Pyro from a torch and lighting a nearby torch
Overload not lighting Dendro barrels on fire (confirmed in range by triggering explosive barrel)
Ice flower being melted by Hu Tao E cast
Dendro crate not being lit on fire by Hu Tao E cast
Zero Gauge Pyro Skills:
: Hu Tao E cast and NAs that are on ICD
Yoimiya E cast
Yoimiya NAs that are on ICD
Couldn't get a proper Diluc clip because his infusion window is short and the Phoenix's Pyro app makes the timing not line up with Mona E, but feel free to test it.
Documenting the overworld spaghetti, and a better understanding of 0 gauge stuff.
Explosive Barrel Properties
Barrel damage is affected by the unit's defense, following the damage formula here: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Defense. Attributes such as level, ascension, max HP have no effect on the amount of damage inflicted by barrel explosions.
Barrels do Pyro damage, and is affected by reactions such as Vaporize as well as Pyro resist.
Damage Reduction such as Xingqiu Rain Sword orbitals can reduce explosion damage.
Explosive barrels have levels.
Barrel levels (probably) follow zone level rules.
A series of suicide-by-barrel attempts have demonstrated the following findings:
Damage can be plotted against defense - Image
Inverse of damage, or effective HP (EHP), against defense: - Image
Inverting barrel damage to EHP linearizes the trend, allowing a linear regression to be performed with the previous data points.
Signif. codes: 0 0.001 0.01 0.05 . 0.1 1
Residual standard error: 4.527e-08 on 13 degrees of freedom
Multiple R-squared: 1, Adjusted R-squared: 1
F-statistic: 5.707e+07 on 1 and 13 DF, p-value: < 2.2e-16
Barrels do Pyro damage, and is affected by reactions such as Vaporize as well as Pyro resist.
Damage reduction such as Xingqiu Rain Sword orbitals can reduce explosion damage
Explosive barrels have levels
The formula for EHP vs defense from linear regression EHP = 1.443e-07 DEF + 1.277e-04 can be applied to figure out the base damage (damage done if the unit has 0 defense) as well as the level of the barrels, following the Genshin damage formula linked above.
Base damage of the tested barrel is the inverse of the Y-intercept, or when DEF = 0. 1.277e-04^-1 = 7832.3563130198 or 7832 when rounded to a whole number.
To figure out the level of the barrel:
Incoming damage = Original damage (1 - Damage reduction)
Damage reduction = DEF / (DEF + 5Level + 500)
Incoming DMG Inf means
Incoming damage = Original damage (1 - Damage reduction) Inf
which, given constant original damage translates as
Damage reduction Inf, then
Damage reduction = DEF / (DEF + 5Level + 500) -Inf
And this is only possible if the denominator (DEF + 5 Level + 500) 0, given a constant DEF
In practice, the negative value of the "x-intercept" (DEF when EHP approaches 0, or barrel damage approaches infinity) in the EHP vs DEF function is DEF + 5 Level + 500. Since the x-intercept is -884 defense, the level of the barrel is 76.9, or 77 when rounded to whole number levels.
Barrel levels (probably) follow zone level rules.
Mondstadt zone map
Two zones (dark blue, orange) were tested and the barrels within those zones all do the same amount of damage, given that the character's defense remains constant.
The barrels tested in evidence a) agree with the zone level map (blue, levels 77 to 79).
Enemies in the northern orange zone are between 82 and 90, and calculations with the evidence shows that those barrels are level 90 with base damage of 12176.
Insight into the mechanics of overworld explosive barrels. Hopefully lays the foundation for the research of future explosive barrel enthusiasts.
Stuff Can Infuse Cryo
The Cryo Element is able to be applied to many overworld objects, such as ores and animals. Additionally, it has been demonstrated that some overworld objects can hold Cryo without said Cryo being visible through Elemental sight.
Sheet documenting which objects can and cannot be infused with Cryo: Google Doc
It should be noted that some objects simply cannot be tested as they are destroyed even due to zero damage attacks, such as Ayaka's special sprint (an example being the Liyue screens in domains).
Largely fluff. However, the application of Cryo does mean that some Elemental reactions can be performed on inanimate objects which can come with some side benefits. An example of this is that Shatter can be trigged on rocks via this method, turning normally slow characters for mining into slightly more acceptable (such as Albedo).
Bounce Cancelling on Bouncy Mushrooms
Using a Normal Attack/Skill/Burst while starting a bounce animation (on the Bouncy Mushroom) will cancel the bounce on the player, which is easier to do with attacks that come out quicker.
To make the game register the cancel as a bounce(in the related Sumeru daily commission), the cancel must be input at around 4 frames after the Bouncy Mushroom's bounce animation has started. Doing it early will not count and doing it late risks being up in the air, unable to cancel the animation.
Jump Consistency Frame Check - Google Docs
Optimizing the Bouncing Commision on the Last(5th) Bounce.
Jadewater Fruit Scales With Gauge
Jadewater Fruit scales with gauge.
Ayaka E is 2U and Ayaka Dash is 1U. Skill has twice the break of Dash.
Better understanding of exploration mechanics.
Coordinates Translation Methods
Coordinates translation methods from in-game coordinates into official teyvat map and vice versa.
Official Teyvat Interactive Map
As of 3.0, coordinates are no longer available in the feedback url.
If you open feedback url and paste the snippet below into the console, it will give you your current coordinates as you would see them on center parameter url in interactive map.
Here is the reversal snippet, which assumes that you're on the interactive map and you want to get the coordinates in game of your current visible center:
NOTE: (calculations were done in patch 1.6)
Official map url (query parameters) contain two variables: center and zoom. zoom does not matter at all in calculations because the translation function applies a vector, therefore there is no scaling and everything is 1-1 with a manipulated OX and OY axises directions.
From now on, I am assuming a format center=x,y is a correct one, because it's easier to manipulate for common folks.
Method used to get translation vector:
Find (0,0) in game - use feedback url and go north/east/west/south and compare it against previous coordinates.
Once (0,0) is found, create a new pin here.
Go to Official Teyvat Map and synchronize your in-game pins. You might need to wait few minutes/hours before it's properly synced - try refreshing the page.
While still on the page, open the console and start tracking network requests. You're looking for https://api-os-takumi.mihoyo.com/common/mapuser/ysobc/v1/map/spot/getmapspotsbykinds
Toggle visible pins from the same category as the one you placed in game. Request should respond with a list of pins. Each pin has xpos and ypos attribute.
Example pin: { xpos: 585.788330078125, ypos: -362.876220703125 }
However, as stated above - this is reversed in center parameter in the url for unknown to me reason. Keep that in mind.
If you managed to find the pin you created, it should have values { xpos: 749.9086303710938), ypos: 2329.9357585906982 } - this represents the translation vector.
Map center pin: YouTube
Screenshot from this pin: YouTube
Method used to figure out directions:
Go strictly east and note coordinates again. Only one of them should change.
Go strictly north this time and note coordinates again. Only one of them should change compared to the ones from step 2.
Perform the same action but for interactive map. Now play around with coordinates and decide whether you need to multiply scalar by (-1) or not in translation function.
In our case, in-game -> interactive map requires (-1) on both scalars.
Image representing coordinate axises (assumes center=x,y format):
Method used to get in-game -> interactive map scale:
Place 2 pins rather far away from each other (in order to reduce the error).
Go to first pin -> feedback url and extract the coordinates.
Repeat for second pin.
Now do the same, but by extracting direct coordinates from network tracking on interactive map.
The differences on respective axises should be the same. Remember that coordinates from the database are reversed.
Now that we figured out the translation vector, scale and direction of target, we can create a translation from in-game coordinate system to interactive map coordinates system.
If you open feedback url and paste this snippet into the console, it will give you your current coordinates as you would see them on center parameter in interactive map.
Since 1: R^3 -> R^2 then one variable (altitude) is completely lost, hence the reversal is impossible with altitude variable restored.
Here is the reversal snippet, which assumes that you're on the interactive map and you want to get the coordinates in game of your current visible center:
As a confirmation, you can run this snippet on any coordinate you would like.
due to IEEE 754, the result will be off at epsilon level.
Significance: Easier navigation at finding in-game and official teyvat map coordinates.
Coordinates Units Descriptions
In-game (x,y,z) and Official Teyvat Map (x,y) coordinates system description:
As of 3.0, coordinates are no longer available in the feedback url.
1 unit represents 1 meter in-game
Three coordinates, extracted through feedback url.
Let's try to find (x,y,z) meeting the criteria.
After solving, Noelle is at around { x: 2113, y: 210.71, z: -1037.51 }
Distance between 1st coordinate and Noelle:
Due to possible error in displaying meters in-game (rounding up), this seems accurate.
Let's compare the real coordinates. We're taking first coordinate with distance of 3172m
Noelle estimated coordinates from in-game (hard to get without ~1m error):
After measuring the vector length:
So our own calculations yielded 3172m, while estimated real distance was 3173m.
Therefore, 1 unit in-game represents 1 meter in game.
1px represents 1.68 units at max zoom out and 1920x1080 resolution.
Since we know that translation from in-game coordinates to interactive map system does not use scaling, we can use interactive map coordinates system.
We assume format center=x,y and we're using interactive map system. Remember that error of <30 is possible for each coordinate.
Since we know that x represents vertical axis and y is horizontal axis, the difference is 1590 units in width and 836 units in height.
I'm taking a picture from pos1 to pos2 at max zoom out using 1920x1080 resolution on PC.
width: 937, height: 498
In order to verify that ratio is saved, we'll compare coord ratio vs image size ratio.
ratio is within acceptable error, let's compare the scale by dividing coordinates both width and height difference by image width and height
So this would mean that 1 px is equal to around ~1.68 in-game units assuming 1920x1080 and max zoom out.
1504px in height and 2792px in width.
However, I'm playing on 1920x1080 and I can clearly see it on the screen, so the theory that 1px = 1m might hold true, but not for all resolutions or it might be dependant on zoom level.
1px represents 0.42 units at max zoom in and 1920x1080 resolution.
How much is 1 pixel equal to at 1080p and max zoom in?
Same process as with max zoom out.
That's 291 units in width and 217 units in height.
Let's take a screenshot at max zoom in using 1920x1080 resolution.
Let's compare the ratios to be sure
ratio is within acceptable error, let's compare the scale by dividing coordinates both width and height difference by image width and height
So this would mean that 1 px is equal to around ~0.424 in-game units assuming 1920x1080 and max zoom in.
Estimating distance between points is now easier due to known values in different systems.
Extracting Coordinates While In Game
As of 3.0, coordinates are no longer available in the feedback url.
It's possible to extract your current coordinates through feedback url.
Go to Paimon Menu -> Feedback. They're stored in the generated url. Under query value called ext.
Running decodeURIComponent on this value will yield a valid JSON.
See attached image on how to decode it in vanillaJS.
VanillaJS snippet that will extract this value in console:
The result for example case will look like this:
This provides an easy way to calculate the distance between two points in game.
Coordinates Axises Descriptions
As of 3.0, coordinates are no longer available in the feedback url.
Description of each coordinate in in-game coordinate system and interactive teyvat map coordinates system.
It's possible to find in-game coordinates through feedback url, or from center=x,y value from the url from official teyvat map.
x - vertical axis
y - altitude
z - horizontal axis
Teyvat Interactive Map, assuming center=x,y format
x - vertical axis
y - horizontal axis
Method used to figure out directions:
Go strictly east and note coordinates again. Only one of them should change.
Go strictly north this time and note coordinates again. Only one of them should change compared to the ones from step 2.
Perform the same action but for interactive map. Now play around with coordinates and decide whether you need to multiply scalar by (-1) or not in translation function.
In our case, in-game -> interactive map requires (-1) on both scalars.
If someone is going to rely on in-game coordinates from feedback url, they might get lost thinking they're going in wrong direction while navigating through interactive map.
Coordinates Change When Idle
Character coordinates change whenever game state is not Frozen (unpaused single player).
Steps to reproduce:
Go back to Genshin Impact
Unpause and pause the game (do not move)
The coordinates will be different.
In my case, ext query values were:
Running decodeURIComponent on both of them yields:
Which upon closer inspection, differ at 3rd decimal value in x and z axis. Lower difference on y means that y coordinate is responsible for height.
Fluff. This could also explain the fact that when you switch from child to adult male, your camera "target" goes up because the head is higher by ~0.4m.
The Spoutrocks introduced into the overworld with Chasm in patch 2.6, let you land your jump without taking fall damage regardless of height difference(+/-), as long as you don't:
Roll off a cliff (counts as landing, you don't take damage for roll but the next landing won't be soft)
Use mid-air Skills e.g. Xiao
Plunge (normal reduced fall DMG for plunge, capped at 40% max HP)
Side-on collisions while jumping don't hurt and don't remove the fall damage reduction.
Video clips of jumps from spoutrocks showing:
No DMG landing
Side-on collision then landing with no DMG.
Freezing and unfreezing mid-air then landing with no DMG.
Death by fall DMG after glide canceling a spoutrock jump.
Death by fall DMG on second landing after rolling for the first.
Death by fall DMG after Skill canceling a spoutrock jump.
Normal plunging fall DMG after plunge canceling a spoutrock jump.
Relax and enjoy the ride, it's often safer and faster than plunging if you want to get down on the ground.
Paimon Hates Climbing
After reaching a certain height in locations of The Chasm, Paimon will say some lines. Usually these are triggered when you try climbing up to a light source.
Knowledge about the world and maps of the game.
Chasm Geo Active Pillars Mechanics
In The Chasms surface, there are some Geo pillars that can be interacted with. They have the following properties and mechanics:
Heavy attacks on the pillars activate a shockwave with center on the pillars, i.e Plunging Attacks, claymores, Ningguangs C1, Overload, etc
Pillars only hold Cryo aura.
Shockwaves resonate with some objects. These include Geo Constructs and other pillars. Once it hits the object, it will send another shockwave.
Shockwaves damage enemies with true damage. The damage registered is 27.419, with different characters, both tests on Hilichurls and Treasure Hoarders. Might be dependent on zone levels.
Geo Constructs will be destroyed once hit by a shockwave.
Geo Constructs will be destroyed once hit by a shockwave, regardless if their HP is higher than 27.419.
The shockwave has a gauge unit of 1U.
All pillars have an ICD of 10s before they can send another shockwave, approximately. They still can register hits while in CD.
Shockwaves are counted as heavy attacks too. They destroy ores.
Shockwaves dont have vertical height.
Shockwaves damage inconsistently if the enemy isnt engaged in combat. Need further testing.
Pillars arent defined as enemies, but as an entity. They will be targeted, and abilities that gain stacks on hit will gain one if it hits a pillar, but the ones that require an enemy wont. Example, Ningguang gains Star Jades, but Yanfei does not gain a Scarlet Seal.
Only pillars surrounded by golden wind will send shockwaves when hit by a player. Otherwise the pillar will still register a hit but wont create a shockwave.
If a Geo Construct is placed inside the shockwave, the construct will still be destroyed and send another shockwave.
Damageable and undamageable summons work as intended. If a damageable one has >27.419 it will survive. Undamageable ones wont be affected at all.
Knowledge of open world mechanics and that I hate this tc thing Im never doing serious tickets again.
Additional credits to Aevean and
Blooming Light Stamina Regeneration
Lumenstone Adjuvant restores 10 Stamina every time it is used (at level 9 and above).
In this video, we see that Blooming Light is used 41 times (beginning dash and first use will not be counted, as Stamina will overcap and dash uses extra Stamina). Zhongli is sprinting from 0:09 to 1:39, which is 90 seconds. Sprinting costs 18 Stamina per second, but we have 15% (Anemo Resonance) + 20% (Razor Passive) + 25% (Food) = 60% Stamina reduction. Each second of sprinting costs 18 0.4 = 7.2 Stamina per second. Since we are sprinting for 90 seconds, we use 648 Stamina. Subtract 240 Stamina base and we get 408 Stamina / 41 uses = ~10 Stamina per Blooming Light.
In this video, we get down to almost 0 Stamina with Ayaka, and then use Blooming light 24 times to reach Max Stamina. ~240 Stamina / 24 uses = ~10 Stamina per Blooming Light.
Fluff. This passive sucks.
Electro Seelie Electro Application Vertical Range
Electro Seelie when on a mount, can apply Electro at any vertical range, but not when it has yet to reach its final destination.
Totem Seelie / Free Seelie
More knowledge on Electro Seelie mechanics
Phantom Phase Gates
Activated Phase Gates don't need to be visually present to allow travelers to phase through and travel to the opposite gate. This condition can be observed during a commission.
Better understanding of Teyvat laws. Commissions don't remove Phase Gate interactions. There's potential that it could apply to other objects.
Some Pillars in Enka You Don't Take Fall Damage On
Some pillars in Enkanomiya allow you to evade fall damage if you land on the side.
Video (credit to)
Fall damage evasion.
Golden Apple Archipelago
Melodic Blooms Notes Reflect Off Of Construct
Some objects within Genshin Impact can reflect Melodic Bloom Notes found within Golden Apple Archipelago (2022).
Serenitea Pot (hitbox is small, requires some fiddling and is quite inconsistent)
Zhongli big pillar
Some things reflects, mostly fluff. Genshin is wonk game.
Swimming stamina passives don't work in Fontaine water
Passives that reduce stamina consumption when swimming do not apply to Fontaine water.
Evidence: YouTube video
Significance: Regular swimming passives are not beneficial in Fontaine.
Bodies Of Water In Fontaines Cities Are Not Environments But Still Wet
Bodies of water in Fontaine's cities (or urban residential areas) are not considered water environments, although they still apply Wet status onto characters.
You can't trigger reactions onto them (Electro-Charged, Vaporize) as well as not be able to trigger some Anemo characters' passives (e.g. Wanderer's A1, Kazuha's A1).
Wanderer at underground sewer: YouTube
Kazuha at Court of Fontaine's fountain: YouTube
Wanderer at Aquabus station: YouTube
Yae Miko at Fountain of Lucine: YouTube
Bennett at Fountain of Lucine: YouTube
Water at the beach is still considered environment: YouTube
Sewer in Liyue is also an environment: YouTube
No extended Wanda's stamina for flying.
You Cant Talk Underwater
Characters dont trigger voice lines while underwater. Tested with fortune and death.
Imgur (Opening Treasure Chest and Fallen voicelines not triggering)
Hoyo is inconsistent with its own canon since when we do quests we actually talk while diving.
Diving Attacks Trigger On-Hit Effects
The underwater attacks count for triggering on-hit/on-damage effects like Raidens Skill, but they do not count as normal attacks.
If you plan on going on an underwater murder spree to kill Ariel, bring Raiden or other characters with you. Itll make it faster.
4-Piece Set Bonuses on Environment Reactions
Bug: Sometimes set bonuses do not work properly if triggered on unconventional sources
Evidence: YouTube Playlist
Significance: This explains some strange damage numbers when fighting enemies in the overworld
Environment Reactions Base
Environment uses a different set of reaction bases than players, thanks to the EM buffs and my prior testing of Electro crystal levels, we can conclude that although the value at release was the same as for the player, now it's different, with the player having a new one, and the Electro crystals using the old, unchanged base.
The video shows a level 84 Electro-Charged tick of the pre 1.6 base (1243)
We're getting ever so closer to figuring out the cursed world of teyvat's code
Location remembered between map tabs
Theory: Genshin remembers your location and world state(such as bosses) in different map tabs separately.
Evidence: Anemo Hypostasis and other world bosses normally respawn after 3 minutes and teleporting away&back (as shown at the end), but doesn't respawn after going to the Archipelago, additionally teapot shows that it remembers your original location in Teyvat upon leaving: Video
Significance: It'll be relevant whenever more overworld mechanics are added which refresh when tping in/out or if we get more map tabs.
Health And Revive Mechanics
A) When all party members' health reaches 0, the revive screen comes up and 2 things happen:
You are respawned at the nearest Teleport Waypoint, Statue of the Seven or Domain, relative to where the last member died.
All party members are healed to 35% of their max HP (rounded off to the nearest whole number).
B) There are 2 kinds of environmental deaths:
Drowning and falling into the void takes away a set 10% of all party members' max HP.
Other environmental deaths tie in with Finding A
C) Health is "dynamic" and restored as "% of max HP" instead of a flat amount.
Teleported to the Nearest Waypoint:
Nearest Statue of the Seven
Nearest Teleport Waypoint
Revived at 35% of Max HP:
Data from falling into the void and drowning:
Other environmental deaths:
Health is dynamic:
To start, Bennett had 281/10,987 HP (2.56%) and Fischl had 190/8,144 HP (2.33%). Bennett had 10,987 HP at the moment of death. After he died, flowers were equipped on both characters, raising Bennett's Max HP to 15,767 and Fischl's to 12,924. After equipping the flower, Fischl's HP changed from 190/8,144 to 301/12,924, staying at 2.33% of her max HP. Fischl dies with 12,924 Max HP. The revive screen comes up, and they are both respawned and healed. Bennett is revived with 5,518/15,767 HP, which is 35% of his new max HP. Fischl is revived with 4,523/12,924 HP, at 35%. After unequipping both flowers, Bennett's HP changed to 3,845/10,987, which is still 35% of his max HP while Fischl's HP changed to 2,850/8144, staying at 35% of her max HP.
Documentation and better understanding of how the game handles health and death.
Treasure Compass Chest Rendering
Treasure Compass detection depends on chest rendering, chest rendering suffers from an It Depends.
Chest rendering seems to be square, off-set from chest, 360m x 360m for some while 180m x 180m for others.
To reduce variance in coordinates, the same character (Kazuha) is being used when checking coordinates. Smaller characters have lower coordinates.
Repeat the following until some samples in each cardinal direction/some in same cardinal direction on different ends
If chest in view: find border where chest becomes invisible, take screenshot before the chest becomes visible and open feedback menu. Move closer until it does, repeat screenshot/feedback menu.
If chest not in view: while slowly moving inwards, repeatedly screenshot/feedback until you find the border - use last two feedback tabs/screenshots for last out/in coordinates.
Chest 1 (Common): Imgur (chest unlocks after defeating monsters)
Chest 2 (Luxurious): Imgur (chest appears after lighting Electro structures)
Chest 3 (Common): Imgur (chest appears after completing time trial)
Chest 4 (Precious): Imgur (chest unlocks after defeating monsters)
Range doesn't seem to be square centered around chest
Not circular: seen from two testing points on the north side
Seems to be in range at around (+- a couple meters) 166m north, 191m east, 193m south and 172m west
Chest 2 (only south range tested):
Chest is on top of some Hilichurl structure and disappears with said structure after 97m south
Chest 3 (only north range tested):
Disappears after ~90.5m north
Chest 4 (unable to easily test south):
Chest is visible around 178m north, 195m east and ~165m west
Since 1 & 4's north+south and east+west add up to ~360, it seems that it's a square but not centered around the chest itself
In some screenshots, the compass points towards another chest when the tested chest is out of range, but will still point towards the tested chest in range. This is due to the compass picking the closest chest in euclidean distance while rendering isn't a circle/sphere, but a square
(1 pixel = 1 meter, some pixels have both in and out dot)
Range doesn't seem to be square centered around chest: Imgur
Chest 1 map: Imgur
Chest 2 map: Imgur
Chest 4 map using chest 1 rectangle: Imgur
Data/generating of images:
Screenshots/coordinates in-game: Spreadsheet
Map make stuff: Git
Treasure Compass detection depends on chest rendering
Chest rendering is square, but not centered around chest
Chests that unlock render for ~180m (360x360 square)
Chests that appear render for ~90m (180x180 square) (assumed to be similar with just lower range to other chests)
Rarity doesn't affect range
Compass points towards closest chest in euclidean distance
Using the Treasure Compass to play ChestColle
Updated Discussion (2022-12-04)
There are currently 233 (+1 or +2) respawnable investigation spots that drop artifacts.
Liyue (pre 2.0) - 48 spots.
Dragonspine - 7 spots.
Liyue (added in 2.0) - 6 spots.
Inazuma non-Tatarasuna - 24 spots.
Tatarasuna - 24 spots.
Bake-danukis - 11 spots.
Cannons - 5 spots.
Conch spots on the beach - either 1 or 2 spots - rng based.
Patch 2.1 introduced 2 more islands. Each island has:
Seirai island: 44 spots.
Watatsumi island: 24 spots.
Bake-danukis - 6 spots.
Patch 2.2 introduced Tsurumi Island:
Moshiri Kara: 1 spot (north of Tsurumi Island).
Tsurumi Island: 14 spots.
Patch 2.6 introduced The Chasm:
Overworld: 4 spots.
Underground: 25 spots.
Liyue + Dragonspine
Inazuma + Bake-danukis
Cannons (by Miin from Hoyolab).
The Chasm (with help from, Aspiring Trophy,, and)
Transcript of this entire ticket + spreadsheet displaying each spot with a screenshot and video for each spot: Spreadsheet
Flying Anemo Slimes Have Hitboxes
Flying Anemo Slimes and Bloaty Floaty bubbles have hitboxes and can move your characters.
Fishing Spot Prompt Has Infinite Height
Fishing Spots do not seem to check height before displaying the prompt. It is possible to view the prompt (but not catch fish) from far above and below the fishing spot. In addition to this, it is possible to catch fish from underwater.
Fishing Prompt Below: video 1 and video 2
Fishing Prompt Above: video
Catching Fish From Underwater: video 1 and video 2
Knowledge of game mechanics.
Properties of Eagles
Eagles can get stuck on terrain. Unlike other animals they do not have collision with players. They can be hit by melee attacks and at short range they attract auto-aim.
Video 2 (by)
Fluff and documenting overworld mechanics.
Highest Places in Teyvat
Highest Places in Teyvat
A comprehensive guide to the highest places in each region/map, extracted using Extracting coordinates while in-game. The exact values might differ due to Coordinates change when idle. For reference, sea level is 200 meters in Teyvat, and Mt. Everest is 8,848.86 meters.
From lowest highest place to highest highest place, the order is:
Highest Place in Liyue: Qingyun Peak Cloud Dwelling: 551.7357788085938 meters.
Coordinates from this point
Highest Place in Inazuma: Serai Island Thunder Manifestation Arena: 558.1334838867188 meters.
Coordinates from this point
Highest Place in Mondstadt (Considering Dragonspine a part of Mondstadt): Dragonspine Skyfrost Nail: 697.6060180664062 meters.
Coordinates from this point
Highest Place in the Chasm Underground: Ad Hoc Main tunnel out of bounds: 1487.64208984375 meters.
Coordinates from this point
Highest Place in Enkanomiya: Mirror Library: 1941.7440185546875 meters.
Coordinates from this point
Note: It is possible to get a few meters higher by glitching out of the library and climbing to the top, I was unable to do so.
Just from base of map to highest point possible in the map, Enkanomiya is the clear winner. However, as it is underground, the Dragonspine Skyfrost Nail is technically the highest place in Teyvat. With Earth's gravity, free falling from the Highest Point in Enkanomiya to 0 meters would take 19.89 seconds in Earth's gravity.
Teyvat has some very high places.
Companions Disappear When Characters Disappear
When characters use abilities that make them vanish, companions (Mini Seelies, Endora, Shiki Kousho, etc) will disappear too.
Raiden NA: Yay
Keqing N4: Yay
Keqing N5: Yay
Keqing E: Yay
Catalysts getting thrown back: Yay
Young female catalysts getting thrown back: Yay
Rosaria E: Yay
Ganyu E: Nay
Lisa N4: Yay
Xiao E: Yay
Itto CA1: Yay
Mona E hold: Yay
Mona N3: Yay
Mona Dash: Yay
Ayaka Dash: Yay
Yae E: Yay
Kaeya N4: Yay
Kazuha N5: Yay
Zhongli CA: Yay
Sayu N4: Yay
Sara E: Yay
Kiku N4: Yay
Yelan E: Nay
Fischl Q: Yay
Hu Tao CA: Yay
Hu Tao Dash: Yay
Nice to know.
Environmental Damage Interaction With On Kill Effects
Enemy deaths caused by the environment (fall damage, drowning, burning grass, electrified water) do not proc weapon passives with on kill requirements.
The passives of White Iron Greatsword and Recurve Bow read:
Defeating an opponent restores 16% HP.
Therefore if fall damage and drowning counts as "defeating an opponent", the wielder should restore some HP. Testing shows that no HP is restored.
Fall damage and drowning (White Iron Greatsword): YouTube
Burning (White Iron Greatsword): YouTube
Electrified water (Recurve Bow): YouTube
Deaths by the environment are inevitable in the overworld and can be taken advantage of by characters like Jean. However, those "kills" will not count towards on kill effects and could lead to lower passive uptime.
Tri Lakshana creatures in the Normal and Activated states have Dendro auras and can be applied with Hydro to create Bloom cores.
This does not apply to the Scorched state
Starshrooms in the Chasm Underground are not Tri Lakshana creatures.
Bubble attacks of Hydro Floating Fungi/Hydro Slime can be attacked with Dendro to break it and also produce a Bloom core.
In addition to Electro Crystals being capable of holding Cryo and Hydro auras, they can also hold Dendro auras and be used to produce Blooms.
Baron Bunny can create Blooms in overworld water.
Bonus: Bloom Cores sink in water. Sometimes this looks weird.
Tri Lakshana Creatures in Sumeru applied with Hydro create Blooms.
Electro Crystals can create blooms when Dendro and Hydro is applied to them. They can also proc Hyperbloom.
Dendro applied to Baron Bunny in overworld water creates Blooms.
Chasm Starshrooms are not Tri Lakshana creatures (they also look different to Sumeru Starshrooms but y'know, nice to have confirmation).
Hydro Fungus Bubble can create Blooms.
Better understanding of Dendro aura and Bloom creation mechanics.
Overworld Constructs' Reaction to Different Elemental Application Sources
Every single entity and construct has different properties about Elements that can (or can not) be applied and/or react to them.
The source of the elemental application also matters.
This sheet explains how every single construct in the overworld will react to Elements, and also specifies if it differs due to the Element's application source as well.
Finding out Entities and Constructs can choose which source of Elemental application it reacts to or ignores on a case by case basis.
Parametric Transformer has an internal cooldown of 0.4 seconds and it takes exactly 18 Elemental hits to fill it from 0% to 100%.
It cannot receive any Elemental source DMG for at least 0.4 seconds in order to reach another step, therefore adding more damage sources most of the time will not make it progress further, but will delay it.
Venti Q -> won't work because it's interval is 0.4 seconds
Sucrose N1 -> N2 -> won't work because the chain is too fast unless it's timed correctly
But Mona Sprint, Lisa Q, and Electro Crystal have 0.5 seconds interval, so they will always fill it with every hit.
The best time you can achieve without manual timing is 18 x 0.5s = 9s
The best theoretical time you can achieve is 18 x 0.401s = 7.218s
Mona dash speedrun
Parametric ICD - 0.4s
Venti Q - 0.4s
Lisa Q - 0.5s
Mona dash - Assumed 0.517s from video after frame analysis: YouTube
That's only 1 frame difference.
Electro Crystal - 0.5s after frame analysis: YouTube
If you're in a rush and you want to save that extra second, you can min-max your life using techniques mentioned above
Speed run tips
Mona Sprint, Lisa Q, and Electro Crystal are currently the best methods to speed run the Parametric Transformer
Mona dash speedrun example: YouTube
Start at 3.433, 100% at 12.717, first tick at 3.667
12.717 - 3.433 = 9.284 seconds - full time
12.717 - 3.667 = 9.05 seconds - filling realtime
The reason why no other units can do it faster because Parametric Transformer has an internal cooldown of 0.4 seconds and it takes exactly 18 Elemental hits to fill it from 0% to 100%.
It cannot receive any Elemental source DMG for at least 0.4 seconds in order to reach another step, therefore adding more DMG sources most of the time will not make it progress further, but will delay it.
Venti Q -> won't work because it's interval is 0.4 seconds
Sucrose N1 -> N2 -> won't work because the chain is too fast unless it's timed correctly
But Mona Sprint, Lisa Q, and Electro Crystal have 0.5 seconds interval, so they will always fill it with every hit.
You could check the evidence vault regarding Parametric Transformer for more details.
Debuffs/Team Buffs With Duration Persist After Applier Leaves Party
Some team buffs, debuffs and infusion with duration timer are not removed when the unit who applies said buffs/debuffs is removed from the party, and instead remain for its whole duration.
Some notable points:
Currently all RES shred, ATK decrease, DMG taken debuffs persist after applier leaves party.
Almost all DEF shred debuffs persist with the exception of Ayaka C4, even though the debuff arrows remain, the actual effect doesn't. This might be a bug as there is no other currently known case so far where the debuff arrows are wrong.
About Mona C1:
+ Mona C1 buff only persist on the character who is on-field in player's own party at the moment Mona leaves party
+ After Mona leaves, switching to another party member will end the buff for the switched out character, and give any switched in party member Mona C1 visual effect, but not the buff itself (even party members not in the party the moment she leaves, see sheet for more detail).
Buffs are inconsistent on which persists and which doesn't with no identifiable pattern, check sheet for which one persists.
Comprehensive sheet of team buffs/debuffs with stated duration:
Documentation of buffs and debuffs that still persist for its full duration after the unit who applies said buffs/debuffs have left the party, which allows multiple buffs and debuffs stacking for damage showcase, particularly relevant for whale co-op dmg showcases.
A strange, alien machine..
Perpetual Mechanical Array
Legend has it that they were war machines left behind by a nation that had been destroyed. Composed of several different parts, it can adapt to its combat environment and employ a variety of attacks. Its cubic shape is on some level very much like the Elemental Hypostases.
Transforms into a rocket and targets the player's position before slamming down.
Targets the player's current position with a reticle that focuses before striking down.
Transforms into a cube and rolls repeatedly with high speed. Only uses this move at long ranges.
Transforms into a giant sword and slashes from the Right to Left. Only uses this move at Melee ranges.
Transforms into a giant spinning blade and does a zig-zag pattern before slashing fom the Left to Right. Only uses this move at Melee ranges.
Charges up for a short time before firing a beam of pure Energy that does fast moderate Physical damage to those touching the beam. The beam follows the player.
Assumes a defensive stance and launches four cubes that transform into Ruin Sentinels. One of the 4 Ruin Sentinels will be marked and ha to be killed for the Array to be targetable again. After the Sentinel has been killed the Array will momentarily enter a weakened state, being temporarily stunned and having it's resistance lowered by -50% for all damage types. This attack can only occur once, either once the health of the array has reached the require threshold or enough time in the fight has passed.
Defeating PMA minions won't proc any kill-based effects, similar to Specters.
Plunge Combo Tech
Dragon Strike (DS): Leveraging anything that generates sufficient hitlag to do the following (at the precise moment of impact):
DashJump (Dash must be at least 1ms before Jump, though to most people this will feel like it's at the same time, but dash MUST be first)
When successful, the DashJump will cause you to gain additional vertical clearance which is a requirement for the plunge attack. Only Claymore users can reliably perform this because of their excessive hitlag. Any unit that generates sufficient hitlag can perform a Dragon Strike, but the window for inputs will be tighter.
Any source of movement speed boost will extend the window for inputs. This includes Diona shield, Anemo resonance, Jean C2, and some weapon effects. To replicate it, the sequence of events is: Hitlag generating action > Hitlag occurring > (Dash > Jump) > Plunge.
Please note that this tech is easiest to perform on Claymore users. It is possible to execute on 1H Sword and Polearm users, but difficult to do so. It is also possible to perform Dragon Strike with any cast of Diluc's E, Searing Onslaught, with the first and third cast having extremely forgiving windows as well as Beidou's E, Tidecaller.
Popularized by the name Dragon Strike, players were unfamiliar with the original form derived from the japanese pronunciation: Dougragon Strike, or DougStrike for short.
It's possible to use hitbox collision off of enemies to push yourself higher which allows average and tall height characters to perform a plunge attack.
No Dash Dragon Strike
On certain moves where hitlag occurs, you can quickly press jump which will give your character just enough height to do Plunge Attack.
This is similar to Dragonstrike, but does not require dashing first.
It is frame rate dependent and not very consistent on some characters.
Tall characters are able to jump high enough on flat ground to plunge or glide. This can be done with all current tall characters (patch 2.1) and does not require any movement speed buffs. Works while in landing, idle, and jogging animation, with no specific frames that guarantee a plunge.
It is possible to jump in the window that occurs before a character switches. Depending on the ping, this window is large enough to gain enough height for the entering character to then jump again and plunge.
It is also doable at 28ms to 130ms ping, but should be possible at higher pings too. Works on PC, Console, and Mobile.
If you dash into enemy and jump at the same time, you can perform a plunging attack. This doesn't work against all enemies. Not all body types of player characters can do it.
The only practical significance on this is yet another way to break Fatui Geo Chanter Energy armour without claymore, Geo damage, or Overload reactions;
since plunges do damage to it. Hard staggering an Abyss mage might be another use for this. This move also looks really cool to execute.
No Dash Dragonstrike
You can jump right before the hitlag occurs on certain moves, giving you enough height to plunge. This is similar to Dragonstrike, but does not require dashing first. This is frame rate dependent as for some of the moves listed below, we were only able to do the tech at 30 FPS and not 60 FPS. The list is also not exhaustive and there may have been some that we missed out on.
30 FPS only
Keqing Tap Skill Teleport
60 FPS with caveats
Keqing stays on the ground
From many attempts with Keqing at 60fps, the stiletto must be placed ABOVE the ground in order for her to do No Dash DS. Regardless of Stiletto height, Keqing will teleport on the ground with Tap Skill, but the higher Stiletto placement lets Keqing gain height during her jump a couple frames earlier, which is just enough to get a plunge. Keqing can No Dash DS at 30 FPS at any Stiletto height.
You are able to do the equivalent of Dragonstrike without needing to spend stamina for these moves. This may also provide better positioning in situations where doing a dash jump would move you too far away from the enemy for the plunge to hit.
Occasionally, tall characters are able to jump high enough on flat ground to plunge or glide. This can be done with all current tall characters (patch 2.1) and does not require any movement speed buffs. Works while in landing, idle, and jogging animation, with no specific frames that guarantee a plunge. Does not work while canceling an attack with jump, as the jump height is lower.
Here's a video of all tall characters as of patch 2.1 doing a flat ground plunge: YouTube
Idle plunge: Imgur
Jogging plunge: YouTube
The exact frames that this works on are either ping related, or outside the player's control.
Here is a video of raiden jumping and eventually plunging: YouTube
Starting at 0:47, I counted the number of frames Raiden takes between landing and jumping. The plunge happens when Raiden lands for 7 frames before jumping. However, in this clip, I also land for 7 frames and jump four other times, without getting a plunge, so even being frame-perfect does not guarantee a plunge.
Video of variable jump height: YouTube
Higher jumps happen at 0:11, 1:12, 1:21, 1:35, and 1:50
I include frame counts for the first few jumps, and then the jumps after the last high jump at 1:50. The high jump happens after 6 frames of landing. I jump 6 frames after landing several times at the beginning of the video, without getting a high jump.
My ping doesn't seem to fluctuate greatly at the moments these jumps occur.
While I was unable to get consistent plunes on the same frame, it is possible that this is due to using a Wi-fi connection, resulting in unstable ping.
Possible evidence of consistency with stable ping:
This is two consecutive plunges done (ignoring the first jump after the plunge, as that is a jump that occurs during an attack animation) with a macro by Reens: Imgur
They stated that their macro works consistently below 20ms ping, but barely works at all at 30-40ms.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get a longer video from them.
Theoretical way to get a plunge attack with zero setup required, but most likely too unreliable to have practical uses.
It is possible to jump in the window that occurs before a character switches. Depending on the ping, this window is large enough to gain enough height for the entering character to then jump again and plunge. Confirmed doable at 28ms to 130ms ping so far, but should be possible at higher pings too. Works on PC, console, and mobile.
There are two basic methods to performing a switch plunge:
1/ Press switch, then jump as soon as possible, ideally 1ms later. Jump again immediately when the new character enters the field, and plunge.
2/ Do an action that lets you buffer a switch. Examples include jump, skill, plunge attack, and character switch cooldown. Buffering a switch means inputting the switch before the character finishes their action. The switch does not occur immediately, but instead happens sometime after the character finishes their action. It is possible to jump right before the switch occurs, gaining enough height for the entering character to jump again and plunge.
Empty jump: Imgur
Plunge attack: Imgur
Switch cooldown: Imgur
Keqing Switch Plunge:
Keqing's hold Skill allows her to teleport above the ground. If cast slightly above the ground, it is possible to switch characters in midair, allowing for the entering character to jump and plunge.
Evidence of 30ms ping switch plunge, courtesy of:
Although difficult and network dependent, it makes it possible to do flat ground plunges without needing to attack first, such as with dragonstrike, which can hinder reactions.
A Deep Dive into Genshin's Stagger Mechanics
Translated from: NGA by Genshin Impact Wiki
The Genshin Impact Fandom Wiki has tables of poise data tested in game.
The Genshin Impact Fandom Wiki has tables on extrapolated values based off of the current running theory on poise. Actual gameplay may differ from the values there, as the theory is still evolving.
Character Base Poise is Based on Weapon Type
Character base poise or stagger RES is base on the character's weapon type (melee and range)
For range units using Fischl and Yanfei vs a basic hilli mob
For melee units: using Beidou, XQ and XL vs a basic hilli mob
Beidou Poise 1
Beidou Poise 2
Xingqiu Poise 1
Xingqiu Poise 2
Xiangling Poise 1
Xiangling Poise 2
Childe Poise Ranged + Melee Mode
Claymore, sword, and Polearm units have the same base poise.
Catalyst and bow units have the same base poise.
Melee units has higher base poise compared to range units.
Fall Damage Is Influenced By Poise
The velocity from fall DMG can be influenced by interrupt resist or poise, and can increase fall DMG to 160%.
Original clip is from xf3, then made to edit to make it side by side. In the video below it shows an abyss mage with 0 poise (stunned/staggered) vs an abyss mage with 2.25 poise. mage at 0 poise was launched at higher velocity than the mage who is dancing. This is easily reproducible.
Before launching an opponent with Jean E, reduce its poise to 0 and stagger them first, then watch your fall DMG hit higher numbers.
Different sources of interrupt resistance can stack.
No interrupt resistance: Staggered on hit 1
Guide to Afterlife: Staggered on hit 3
Raincutter: Staggered on hit 4
Guide to Afterlife + Raincutter: Staggered on hit 8
Stacking interrupt resistance allows characters to further avoid being staggered.
An explanation of the Poise system in Genshin and how stagger works.
If you come across any unknown terms, there is a section in the glossary dedicated to terms used for poise mechanics.
How to Stagger an Enemy
Reduce Poise to 0, which will put the enemy into the vulnerable status.
Attack the enemy, staggering them.
Different stagger levels exist for the various force of attacks that trigger the stagger.
Vulnerable status ends, and the poise bar is reset.
All units have a hidden poise bar which decreases when receiving attacks that deal poise damage. When the poise bar is depleted to 0, the unit becomes vulnerable. This can be found in each character's attack tables.
Factors that affect Poise
Different enemies/characters have different poise, vulnerability, and poise regeneration
A Fatuus Cryogunner has more poise, vulnerability, and poise regeneration than a normal Hilichurl.
A melee character has more poise, vulnerability, and poise regeneration than a ranged character.
Some attacks or abilities can change vulnerability
The vulnerability when a Cryogunner is generating their shield is less than when the Cryogunner is spraying.
"Increasing resistance to interruption" Skills take effect via decreasing vulnerability. The same goes for shields.
Different sources of interrupt resistance can stack
You can stack Poise and allow your characters to further avoid being staggered.
The number of teammates in Co-op mode will increase poise or decrease vulnerability.
Factors that affect Poise Damage
Different attacks/Skills have different poise damage.
Zhongli's Elemental Skill does more poise damage than his N1.
Poise damage can change depending on the character's status.
The poise damage of Xiao's plunges increases after activating his Burst.
Large level differences can reduce poise damage.
A low-level Kaeya can't knock back a level 89 Cicin Mage with his E, but a level 50 Kaeya can.
Poise damage can stack when petrified by Zhonglis Burst, but not when Frozen.
The Vulnerable Status
Vulnerable Status is a status that occurs when a unit's poise bar is 0. The next attack received by a vulnerable unit may stagger them depending on the level of the stagger.
If an attack has enough force, the attack can both set the targets status to vulnerable and stagger the target in one go.
About the Vulnerable Status:
Different enemies/characters have different vulnerable durations.
The duration of a Cryogunner's vulnerable status is less than a normal Hilichurl's.
The duration of a melee character's vulnerable status is less than a ranged character's.
When the vulnerable status ends, the poise bar is reset to its default value.
During the stagger animation, an enemy is still considered vulnerable. Meaning, you can attack an enemy in the stagger animation to override the previous Stagger Level.
C4 Bennett uses a fully-charged level 1 Elemental Skill, causing a Stonehide Lawachurl to be staggered at Stagger Level 4. Bennett then performs an additional attack, causing the Level 4 Stagger animation to turn into a Level 2 Stagger.
When a target is in the vulnerable status, the next attack received may stagger them depending on the level of the stagger.
Factors that affect Force
For the object exerting the force:
The strength and direction of the force is affected by the level of the character/enemy and the talent used.
A low-level Venti cant throw normal hilichurls into the air with his Q.
Bennett can use his fully-charged level 1 E to cause a Level 4 Stagger on Stonehide Lawachurls, while Venti cant do this with his E.
For the object on which the force is applied:
After using Ventis Elemental Skill, a hilichurl is thrown into the air and falls slowly, while an Anemoboxer falls quickly.
After using Kaeyas Elemental Skill, a hilichurl is knocked back a large distance, while a Cryogunner is only knocked back a small step.
Chongyuns N1 can stagger a Mitachurl at Level 4 in the center of Ventis Burst, but cant when a Mitachurl is standing on the ground. This indicates that the ground exerts a drag force.
Ningguangs charged attack with 2 star jades can only cause a Level 2 Stagger on an Anemoboxer standing on the ground, but can cause a Level 3 Stagger on an Anemoboxer standing on the edge of a meteorite cast by Geo Traveler.
Genshin Impact Fandom
Poise Damage and Impulse Type Database
Crimson Moon's Semblance
The bonus ER is transferred to DMG% by the 4 piece set bonus of ESF (artifact set) but will not be snapshotted.
The bonus ER stays even after the character goes off-field.
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
PJWS passive can be stacked from Elemental Skill and Burst Skill hits on an enemy.
The "on hit" portion of the passive does not refer to normal attack hits alone.
Stacks cannot be gained while off-field.
New gained stacks will extend the duration of existing stacks, beyond the 6 seconds stipulated.
Hits that can gain stacks include Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst hits. and
PJWS can gain stacks on zero-damage attacks.,,
Staff of Homa
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
Staff of the Scarlet Sands can gain multiple stacks from one attack if it hits multiple enemies.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands cannot gain stacks while off-field, but still retains stacks while off-field.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands snapshots EM when stacks are obtained.
Hits that can gain stacks include Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst hits. and
Vortex Vanquisher can gain stacks on zero-damage attacks.,,
Ballad of the Fjords
Infusion Needle benefits from all relevant DMG Bonuses since it's based off the characters' stats.
The ATK and DEF bonus snapshots the last effect when the holder goes off-field. When swapping back on-field, the passive update is not immediate.
Dialogues of the Desert Sages
Kitain Cross Spear
Effect can be activated at 0 Energy without going into the negative.
Samurai Conduct has a 22 to 24-frame delay from when your Elemental Skill hits an enemy to when you actually lose Energy.
Childe does not contribute a stack to the Lithic Series.
Each stack gained will refresh the duration of existing stacks.
The passive triggers on overhealing
The passive can trigger and eneter cooldown even if the character is full on energy
Genshin Impact Fandom
A tool for making team portraits to use on KeqingMains guides. Based on muakasan's Genshin Team Portrait Generator.
Recommended to use a Chromium based browser due to imageSmoothingQuality support.
Click on an icon below to add them to the team.
Shift + click on an icon below to add them to the last icon as a multi-icon.
Alt + click on an icon below to add them with a note.
Click on an icon in the preview to remove them from the current team.
A link to download as .png is available below the preview.
Ctrl + click on an icon in the custom section to delete it.
See the settings section for more options.
Element Icons: /u/SnooDogs3804
Fill Slot Icon: Free SVG
After many years, the awesomely powerful Primo Geovishaps grow accustomed to changes in their elemental environment.Folktales hold that after the great "draconic calamity" that led to the ruination of Tianqiu Valley, the overlord of the Geovishaps and Primo Geovishaps was imprisoned deep beneath the earth, and so too did they burrow into deep and unseen places, awaiting their chance to rise once more...
Starts the battle with +200% Resistances for a few seconds.
Gains +30% Resistance to the infused Element.
Loses -50% Resistance to all after its attack is reflected.
The Primo Geovishap is always encountered in an idle state in one of the four elements; Pyro, Hydro, Cryo or Electro. This additional Element is indicated by the color of the scales on it.
Certain attacks will produce stones that detonate after a few seconds delay, dealing Elemental damage of the currently infused Element.
Although the stones themselves, when created, deal no damage, the explosion(s) that occur do deal damage.
Each Element has different effects on the stones:
Pyro-Infused Stones: Leaves a large pool of lava in its wake for a while, dealing continuous Pyro damage to characters in the affected area.
Hydro-Infused Stones: Cause seven small eruptions that deal Hydro damage. Each eruption occurs close to the stone's original position.
Cryo-Infused Stones: Generates a ring of ice spikes that start from the center of the stone and propagate (up to 3 times) outward, dealing Cryo damage within a moderate area.
Electro-Infused Stones: Explodes in an X-like pattern, dealing Electro damage.
Quickly punches at the player.
Looks behind itself, then performs a quick spinning attack. This attack is heavily prioritized if any players are behind the Primo Geovishap.
Claws in front of itself once.
Attack forward twice, and ends with a slam towards the player.
Targets outside Primo Geovishap's melee reach will cause it to submerge underground and dig towards the enemy, creating Elemental-Infused Stones as it travels. It will also damage characters on contact as it bores through the ground. Upon reaching its destination, it resurfaces and performs a slam.
Raises up its tail and scatter a number of rune-covered rocks around the arena that will explode after a short while, dealing the current type of infused Elemental.
The attack itself does no damage.
Unleash a breath of pure Elemental power, whilst arcing the attack in a cone-like area in front of itself, dealing heavy Elemental damage of the currently infused Element.
Spawns a barrage of Elemental-Infused stones around itself.
The attack itself deals no damage and can only be used once Primo Geovishap reaches critical health (Approximately less than 10% Max HP).
Unleashes a blast of pure Elemental power in a huge AoE around it, dealing immense Elemental damage of the currently infused Element.
Will not be performed once Primo Geovishap reaches critical health (Approximately less than 10% Max HP) and will instead perform the attack above.
If the player is protected by a shield, no damage will be taken and instead the Primo Geovishap will loss a large amount of health, be knocked back and temporarily lose a large amount of resistances.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Talisman Healing Conditions
Qiqi's Talisman will heal characters attacking the target to which the talisman is applied as long as the damage dealt to the target is a) based on the attacking character's stats and b) dealt by a character which is currently on-field.
Video Environmental Damage doesn't heal
Video Off-field character damage doesn't heal on-field character
Video Off-field characters don't heal if they do damage
Video On-field character (Jean) healing with Aquila Favonia passive
Shows how Qiqi's talisman interacts with sources of damage.
Talisman Does Not Snapshot
Qiqi healing from applying talisman is dynamically based on current ATK, and cannot snapshot ATK buffs.
Qiqi baseline healing: YouTube
Qiqi buffed healing amount (Sara feather): YouTube
Unbuffed: 2598 HP healed
Buffed by Sara: 3365 HP healed
Buffed and wait for bonus to wear off: 2598 HP healed
The timing of applying the talisman does not matter at all, all that matters is how much ATK your character has when hitting the enemy
Talisman Heals Regardless Dealing DMG Or Not
Even moves that deal 0 damage (therefore no scaling with stats) can still trigger Qiqis talisman healing
This behavior is different compared to Albedo E and Raiden E (both of them have similarly worded conditions for in-game tooltips)
Mona/Ayaka alternate sprints: Imgur
Xingqiu/Barbara E Hydro application: Imgur
Jean Q self Hydro swirls: Imgur
Mona Q cast: Imgur
Xingqiu Q activation: Imgur
Hutao E activation: YouTube (credit to)
Yoimiya E activation: YouTube (credit to)
Additional insight on how game consider to be "taking damage" (which is not consistent between characters)
Qiqi Talisman ICD
Healing from Fortune-Preserving Talisman (Qiqi Q) has cooldown (approximately 1 second).
In-game tooltip only mention the target taking damage as condition. However the talisman has cooldown on how fast it can heal.
The healing from talisman only occurs every ~1 seconds and healing ticks will not increase against multiple targets (suggesting cooldown is shared between targets).
To add to this, the healing cooldown appears to be shared across the team.
Single target frame count
Multi target frame count
Across team members
Clarification on Qiqi's healing mechanics
Qiqi driver frame counting
Qiqi's Frame counting as a driver:
N1CW, N1CD, N2CD: Speadsheet
N1CJ, N2CW, N2CJ, N2J: Speadsheet
For future Qiqi guide.
An apprentice and herb gatherer at Bubu Pharmacy. An undead with a bone-white complexion, she seldom has much in the way of words or emotion.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Fortune-Preserving Talisman is dynamic and does not snapshot any ATK Bonus.
The healing scales off Qiqi's ATK, not the active character's ATK.
The healing will occur as long as the attack hits, regardless dealing any DMG or not.
The healing has an ICD of approximately 1 second
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Burst frame data Google Sheets
The Raiden Shogun is unable to cook.
Raiden's A4 Passive bonuses only show on stat page if she's in an active party.
Raiden can dragonstrike without movement speed buffs on her single hit attacks, both in normal and Burst state, though this might be dependent on the hitlag:
Normal state single-hit attacks
Burst state single-hit attacks
Burst CA DS with Diona shield and movement speed abyss card
Q Initial Hit 2U
Q Attacks 1U
Raiden's polearm Charged Attacks have an ICD independent of normals, and its ICD is short enough that N1C spam causes a reacted Charged Attack consistently.
Raiden's E cast has separate ICD from it's following triggers.
Raiden's attacks during Elemental Burst use standard 3 hit/2.5s ICD.
Raiden's normal attacks and chaged attacks during Elemental Burst share ICD.
Raiden's initial Elemental Burst slash does not share ICD with her following attacks.
Raiden's Elemental Skill does not activate on non damaging hits (ex. against shielded targets).
Raiden's Elemental Skill buff affects herself.
Raiden's Elemental Skill buff works on off field characters.
Raiden's Elemental Skill does not appear to have a range limt.
Raiden's Elemental Skill is dynamic/does not snapshot.
Raiden's Elemental Skill can be triggered by:
Raiden's Elemental Skill cannot be triggered by:
Raiden E Transformative Interactions
Raiden's Elemental Skill will trigger on transformative reactions if 2 condition are met:
Inflicting damage to an enemy.
The damaging reaction has AoE.
This means that only Superconduct, Overload, and all AoE swirls except for Hydro will activate it, while Electro-Charged, Shatter, single-target and Hydro Swirl won't.
Superconduct, overload, Pyro Swirl, Cryo Swirl, Electro Swirl, multi-target swirls
Hydro Swirl, single-target Swirl, AoE Hydro Swirl, Shatter, Electro-Charged
Better understanding of Raiden's Elemental Skill.
Raiden Coordinated Attack Cooldown
Raiden's E coordinated attack CD starts with the triggering move's damage, not with the coordinated attack's.
Frames tracked using kdenlive, recorded in 60 FPS with game setting at 60 FPS.
Initial setup: Raiden E beforehand, Zhongli shield to avoid staggers and such.
Frame 827: Raiden E's damage appears, triggers coordinated attack from the Raiden E in the setup.
Frame 838: First coordinated attack's damage appears.
Frame 886: Raiden N3's damage appears, triggers coordinated attack.
Frame 897: Second coordinated attack's damage appears.
There are only 48 frames between the damage of the first Raiden coordinated attack and the next triggering move's damage, and 59 frames between the damage of the two triggering moves. If the cooldown started with the coordinated attack's damage, the next triggering move would have to do damage at earliest frame 838+54=892, which is a fair bit after the damage of the N3.
This suggests the 0.9 second (54 frame) cooldown of Raiden's coordinated attacks starts with the triggering move's damage, not the coordinated attack's. When making team calcs/simulations based on frame counts, the cooldown should begin with the triggering move's damage. Raiden's coordinated attacks could trigger several more times per rotation than if the CD was assumed from coordinated attack's damage, adding extra damage and applying Electro at different timings.
Raiden's Elemental Burst restores flat Energy to herself.
Raiden's attacks during Elemental Burst can trigger XQ's Rain Swords.
Raiden's attacks duing Elemental Burst can trigger Fichl C6.
Raiden's attacks during Elemental Burst can't trigger EMC's Q. (Link lost through time)
Raiden's attacks during Elemental Burst can't trigger Beidou's Q.
Raiden's Elemental Burst does not snapshot.
Raiden's CA during Elemental Burst work as a hitscan similar to Ayaka's.
Raiden's interruption resistance during Musou Isshin is crazy high, her poise is practically unbreakable since she's also immune to Electro-Charged. The only stun should be Freeze.
Raiden's attacks during Elemental Burst, except for N5 can hit within Venti's vortex. &
Raiden's Resolve Stacks apply to each damage instance of her multi strings during Elemental Burst (N4 & CA) & 1 2 3 4
Raiden Energy Generation Against Shielded and Immune Enemies
Raiden can generate Flat Energy during her Burst even when hitting immune and shielded enemies.
Geo Slime Shield
Abyss Mage Shield
Cicin Mage Shield
PMA Unkillable Minions
Fatui Skirmisher Armor
Signora Ice Cocoon
Using Raiden's Burst against those enemies is not a total waste because you still bennefit from her Energy generation.
Raiden Normals and Burst do not share ICD
Raiden's tachi attacks during Elemental Burst do not share ICD with her out of Burst polearm attacks.
Near the end of the video, Raiden's Burst N1 applied Electro Aura to the enemy and the N1 after also applied Cryo for Superconduct. - YouTube
More documented knowledge about the mechanics of Raiden's kit.
Raiden Resolve Decimal Stacks
When Raiden gains Resolve from other characters' Bursts such that her Resolve stacks count would have a decimal value, Resolve is not rounded to the nearest whole number and the partial stack is expressed in the final damage.
In this video Raiden is C2, and C1 additional Resolve gain and C2 DEF Ignore are accounted for.
Significance: Raiden guide mechanics details, also marginally useful for calcing and simming teams.
Raiden C2 Applies To Physical Damage
Raiden's C2 applies to Physical damage.
Tested using a Dragonspine Spear, bursting right after a normal attack so that the icicle falls during the Burst window. As can be seen through the videos, a non Burst icicle CRIT hits for 448, whereas a bursted icicle CRIT lands for 644 damage.
This makes sense mathematically as per the defence formula 190/(190+195x(0.4)) = 0.709 and 190 / (190+195) = 0.4935.
Finding the ratio between these two, we reach a 43.66% DMG increase, and 448 x 1.4366 = 644, rounded up.
It proves without a doubt that any and all damage during Raiden's Burst with C2 will ignore DEF by 60%. Including Physical damage. Outside of this one interaction there is no way to do normal/charged/weapon proc attacks on Raiden during her Burst, so this will serve as confirmation in the future if this becomes possible, that all damage done by Raiden herself during her Burst will undergo the defence ignore, and not just Skill/Burst/Electro damage.
C2 defense ignore is multiplicative
Raiden's DEF ignore effect does not stack additively with other sources of DEF Shred. Rather, they are multiplied. For example, if Klee shreds 23% DEF, then Raiden will ignore 60% of the shredded target's DEF, or (1-60%) (1-23%), or 0.4 0.77 = 0.308 for 69.2% DEF Shred, not 83% DEF Shred.
Video. Raiden 0 Resolve plus C2, deals 24070 on a CRIT, about matching up with the calculated value of 24086 (Genshin has rounding that cause damage diffs from calcs)
Video. Raiden 2 Resolve stacks (from Klee) deals 10320 damage on a non-CRIT. If the two sources stacked additively, we would expect her to deal 1886.3 (1+0.616) (0.9) ((100+59)/((100+59)+(100+85) 0.17)) 5.01 = 11475 damage, which doesn't occur. However, multiplying the two sources of DEF Shred, we would get 1886.3 (1+0.616) (0.9) ((100+59)/((100+59)+(100+85) 0.308)) (5.01+0.0486 2) = 10315 damage, which about matches up with the in-game value.
Better understanding of Raiden C2, less gain from stacking defense shred.
Raiden Self Energy Recharge Formula
Formula that describes minimum ER% for Raiden to use Elemental Burst off cooldown.
Y = Raiden's total ER%
Z = Flat Energy gained (NOT INCLUDING RAIDEN'S Q ENERGY)
W = talent level (THE NUMBER NOT VALUE, ex. 1-13)
X = Energy gained (before ER calculations)
Y = (87-0.2W-Z)/(X+4.5+0.3W)
Calculating Raiden's self Energy requirements.
Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, who promised the people of Inazuma an unchanging Eternity.
Raiden Shogun Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The coordinated attack only occurs when the active character triggers a Transformative Reaction that deal AoE damage against enemies.
The Eye's Elemental Burst DMG Bonus does affect the Raiden Shogun.
Raiden's E coordinated attack CD starts with the triggering move's damage, not with the coordinated attack's.
Charged Attack Stamina Cost: 20
Resolve Stacks act as bonus MV, which is given to each split of a string in the case of multi-hits.
Resolve Stacks are not rounded to the nearest whole number and the partial stack is expressed in the final damage.
Raiden's interruption resistance under the effects of Musou Isshin makes her immune to being staggered.
Musou Isshin duration timer begins after the cast animation of Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu has ended.
Energy restoration from Musou Isshin works against shielded and immune enemies.
During Musou Isshin, her Electro-infused tachi Normal and Charged attacks share ICD, but the tachi attacks do not share ICD with elementally-infused polearm attacks.
The effects of The Raiden Shogun's C2 applies to both her Elemental Burst and Elemental Skill.
The effects of C2 also apply to all damage during her Burst including Physical damage procs from weapon passives.
The defense ignore is multiplicative with defense shred.
Full Talent Values
New frame data - Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data - Google Sheets
Press E: None - Video
Hold E: None - Video
Razor Reverse Scam
Razor's Electro Sigils are not immediatly consumed when using Hold E, whereas the Energy gained from it is instant.
In this clip Razor with 3 Sigils uses Hold E. Right after using the Hold E he immediatly gains Energy. After that Razor is swapped out and then swapped in again, while he still has 3 Sigils afterwards. Then Hold E is used another time and Razor is able to gain Energy from the Sigils again.
This allows Razor to gain more Energy by consuming the same sigils multiple times without losing the stack count.
Razor Is The Best Battery
Razor can generate Particles by hitting animals with his Tap E, both in overworld and teapot.
Killable enemies are still being tested.
Free Energy go brr
Does Razor retain his Electro aura from his Q after swapping off and back on?
Razor retains his Electro aura from his Burst for a short time when switched off before Burst ends (around 2 seconds). When switched back to, the aura can still react with other self-inflicted auras such as Bennett Q or Diona E before it disappears.
Just something to keep in mind when switching off Razor before his Burst fully ends, and back to him in a short timeframe when fighting in aura-applying areas that react with Electro, as switching back to Razor too quickly may apply Overload/Electro-Charged/Superconduct to him outside of his Burst.
How does Hitlag affect Razors Q?
Razor Q duration is affected by Hitlag. The more hitlag, the longer the duration.
You can essentially have 100% ult uptime if it were not for no Particles during Q. You can have your Q CD done (20 seconds) by the time your Q duration is done if hitlag is high enough. Hitlag can also extend the duration of both buffs and debuffs, like Superconduct and Razor C1 and C4.
Razor Echo Damage Type
Razor's NA echoes from his Burst scale off of Burst DMG%.
N1 damage = 1.18 890 (1 + .15) .3 ((100 + 61)/(100 + 61 + 100 + 85)) = 168.59, 168 in video
Echo damage if 2NO did not apply = .36 1.18 890 (1) .9 ((100 + 61)/(100 + 61 + 100 + 85)) = 158.33
Echo damage with 2NO = .36 1.18 890 (1 + .2) .9 ((100 + 61)/(100 + 61 + 100 + 85)) = 190.00
Echo damage in video is 189, which is closer to expected damage with 2NO. Variation is likely due to rounding error.
Damage type in Razor's table in the TCL is currently correct, this is just to get some evidence for it in the vault to reduce any future confusion.
Razor's A4 does not work until after some time after using his Burst when the ping is 54ms+.
YouTube video at 54-65ms ping
In the 1st test Razor with 3 Sigils uses his Burst. His base ER is 120.1%, 3 Sigils increased it to 180.1%. Right after using the bBrst his ER is still 180.1%. After that it drops down to 120.1% when the Sigil bonus expires (visually it happens when Sigils fade, it seems). And only after that when Sigils visibly move towards Razor and disappear Razor's ER increases to 150.1% (+30% when Energy is below half).
Same result at 192ms (2nd and 3rd tests were performed with Razor having 100% base ER).
YouTube video at 28ms ping
In the 3rd test A4 buff is applied immediately, before sigils expire.
Razor's E into Q is not as efficient as one could hope due to the fact that his Tap E 3 Particles do not benefit from A4's +30% ER depending on ping.
C6: Lupus Fulguris
Razors C6 damage
Razors C6 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Testing done by
Damage is consistent with and without 4HoD bonus - Video
Damage is consistent with and without 2gambler bonus - Video
Damage is consistent with and without 2NO bonus - Video
Damage calculations for Razor.
Cryo attacks trigger AoE Superconduct during Q
Superconduct triggered by enemy Cryo attacks while Razor's Lightning Fang is active affects nearby enemies as well as Razor.
This provides more uptime for Superconduct in floor 12 and, if utilized, gives a possibility to have Superconduct for the entire duration of Lightning Fang
Pyro abilities (e.g. Bennett Q) trigger AoE Overload during Q
Bennetts ult cleanse can react with Razors ult cleanse to proc Overload on yourself. This effect does not harm you, but it deals two ticks of damage and knocks small mobs back.
For those people who want to bring Bennett in the same team as Razor, this is one thing to consider in situations like overworld. The Overload can knock back enemies out of Bennetts ult, but it can also work as a little of extra damage to mobs that cant be knocked back.
Tap E vs. Hold E against single enemy?
To find rather it's better to do a press or hold on Razor's E against one enemy in terms of damage.
The ratio of press to hold damage is 0.675092612 to 1.
E press animation took 0.55 seconds.
E hold animation took 0.85 seconds.
The dps ratio from E press to E hold is 1.043324946 to 1.
All my research and calculations: Google Sheets
I found that press would deal 4.33% more damage to hold on Razor's E against a single enemy if you input a second command to the enemy the instant the animation finishes. Since there is a 0.3 animation difference between press and hold, if you input a second command within 0.3 seconds you would still deal more damage.
3 hit combo or 4 hit combo?
To find if Razor had a higher DPS on 3 hit or 4 hit combo without Burst form (Q).
The ratio of the 4 hit damage sum to the 3 hit damage sum is about 1.48 (holds true at all talent levels)
The overall 3 hit animation was 1.889 seconds
The overall 4 hit animation was 3.144 seconds
The overall animation ratio of 4 hit to 3 hit is about 1.664.
All my research and calculations: Google Sheets
Since the animation ratio is greater than the damage ratio this tells us that the 3 hit combo will always have a higher DPS than the 4 hit combo. Also credit to @Shifu02 for helping me do some tests.
NOTE: this finding has been amended due to recent tests: 4 hit is now generally better in Q due to reduced animation time between the 3rd and 4th hit. See the Razormains Comprehensive guide for more details here: Google Docs.
3 hit + E or 4 hit?
To find if 3 hit + E press or 4 hit in terms of dps is better without Burst form (Q).
3 hit + E is better than 4 hit. An ideal combo would be to use E + 3 hits + 3 hits + E.
How Many Frames in E Normal Attack vs E Burst Attack?
Test 1, 1.15 = 75 frames Test 2, 1.07 = 67 frames Test 3, 1.07 = 67 frames Test 4, 1.12 = 72 frames Test 5, 1.12 = 72 frames Test 6, 1.07 = 67 frames Test 7, 1.22 = 82 frames Average frames of 7 tests = 71.71 frames for E
Test 1, 1.16 = 76 frames Test 2, 1.15 = 75 frames Test 3, 1.16 = 76 frames Test 4, 1.29 = 89 frames Test 5, 1.19 = 79 frames Test 6, 1.18 = 78 frames Test 7, 1.16 = 76 frames Test 8, 1.16 = 77 frames Average frames of 8 tests = 78.25 frames for E during Q Burst
The animation is different and slightly slower during Burst. It is not affected by the 40%+ normal ATK SPD bonus (or else it would be faster, or if it was, the different animation would be longer and then reduced to 78.25 frame average).
Razor Dragonstrike MV/s
Razor DS combos and E rotations have substantial mv/s increase from standard attack strings outside of Q.
All data and video evidence found in this spreadsheet.
Assuming no ICD based sub-dps are used, DS combos show a range from roughly 35-49 percent mv/s increase. (More elaboration on spreadsheet)
A boy who lives among the wolves in Wolvendom of Mondstadt, away from human civilization. As agile as lightning.
Razor Mains Discord
Legend of Wolvendom: Razor In-Depth Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
3-hit cancel is the best DPS outside of Lighting Fang.
4-hit cancel has the best DPS under the effect of Lightning Fang, but the fourth hit has significant knockback so 3-hit may be optimal in certain situations.
When hitting an enemy generates one Electro Sigil, you can have three Sigils at once and each Sigil increases Razor's ER by 20%.
The duration of the sigils is 18s and is refreshed every time you press Claw and Thunder.
Claw and Thunder's animation is different and slightly slower during Lightning Fang.
During Claw and Thunder (Hold), any active Sigils will be absorbed by Razor granting him 5 Energy for each sigil.
This Energy is not affected by ER.
Claw and Thunder (Hold) causes a small self-knockback when used.
The Electro Sigils are not immediately consumed when dashing after Hold E.
With the tap version Razor can generate Particles by hitting animals, both in overworld and teapot.
Any active Sigils will be absorbed by Razor granting him 5 Energy for each Sigil.
Razors hold E does not cause a minor self-knockback unlike outside of Lightning Fang.
While the effects of Elemental Burst: Lightning Fang are active, the Elemental Particle generation of Elemental Skill: Claw and Thunder is disabled.
The duration of Lightning Fang can be extended by hitlag
Superconduct triggered by enemy Cryo attacks while Razor's Lightning Fang is active will affect nearby enemies as well as Razor.
Bennetts Fantastic Voyage self Pyro application can react with Razors self Electro application to proc Overload on yourself.
This effect does not harm you, but it deals two ticks of damage and knocks small mobs back.
When ping is above 54ms, it does not work for some time after using the Elemental Burst.
This effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
C6 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags and applies 1U Electro.
Full Talent Values
The Theorycrafting Library (TCL) is a collection of community submitted knowledge and information about Genshin Impact. The information and content found on the TCL has been vetted and checked by KQM's Theorycrafting Editors before being published.
The TCL is organized so that each page has a corresponding Evidence Vault. The Evidence Vault houses every submission in full that has been made to the TCL. While the main pages are where basic information and summaries of submitted findings can be found.
Most Recent Characters: Clorinde | Sethos
Elemental Gauge Theory: Page
Damage Formula: Page
If you're interested in submitting information/findings to be published in the TCL, follow these steps:
Join the KQM Discord: discord.gg/keqing.
Grab the Theorycrafter role, then the Library Submissions and/or Guide Submissions role in the #tc-readme channel.
Head to the #ticket-start-here channel and read the guidelines first.
Create a new ticket by pressing one of the "Create ticket" buttons. Library Submissions are for normal tickets and Guide Submissions are for character guides.
Make sure you have preliminary findings with evidence already prepared before you create a ticket.
Your ticket will be created and you will be pinged there.
Follow the directions from the bot in your newly created ticket to submit your findings in the correct format. Make sure to close your ticket with /close once you're done so that KQM Theorycrafting Scholars know when to review and verify your ticket.
If you have feedback about the TCL, join the KQM Discord at discord.gg/keqing and leave your feedback in #website-feedback.
Compendium of useful databases.
Elemental Skill Particle Production Rate (TCL page)
Elemental Gauge Database (TCL page)
Internal Cooldown Database (Google Sheets)
Talent/Scaling Compendium (Google Sheets)
Snapshot Timings (Google Sheets)
Frame Count Database (Google Sheets)
Poise Damage and Impulse Types (Google Sheets)
Enemy HP Thresholds for Energy (Google Sheets)
Enemy Resistances and Shield/Armor Durabilities (Google Sheets)
Enemy Weakspot and Bow Passive Proc Compendium (Google Sheets)
Parametric Transformer Material Groups (Google Sheets)
Does On Hit Mean On Field? (Google Sheets)
Weapons can be refined by combining a weapon with one of the same type. This increases the potency of the effect of the weapon by approximately 25%. The final refinement level is equal to the sum of the refinement level of the material and the refinement level of the base weapon. The level of the base weapon is the only one maintained. The base weapon determines the cost of refinements, so it is recommended to use lower refinement weapons as the base unless trying to preserve levels.
Weapon Stacking And Ping
Weapons that gain stacks on hit are affected by ping. You will only gain stacks when the hit registers on the server, and the server will process hits at the same time, without caring about when the client actually made the hits.
Freedom Sworn, which gains its buffs from reactions happening, has normal behaviour.
Polar Star behaves differently as it has individual stacks for each type, and will gain all the stacks at the same time when the hit is registered.
Characters are organized per Element.
.flatMap(i => i.type == "category" ? i.items : [])
.sort((a, b) => a.label.localeCompare(b.label))
Whopperflowers that have fed for a long time without interruption, their elemental properties are more refined but they lose the mobility their brethren had.
Regisvine will only have a weakspot on their corolla after being stunned twice.
Has a starting 70%(+60%) resistance to own Element.
Gains +100% resistance to all while shield is up.
A monster formed from a vine that was imbued with the essence of biting frost within the Ley Lines.
Some studies hold that plants are like organs of the world, harmonizing the turbulent elemental energies of the Ley Lines. Concrete examples of this phenomena are Mist Flowers, Whopperflowers and the like, which brim over with elemental energy.
In certain circumstances, certain plants will turn into creatures of monstrous size and intent such as the Cryo Regisvines over the course of many years.
Upon either attacking it from range or after entering its arena, the Cryo Regisvine will unfurl from its resting position and stand outright.
In this first phase, either its Eye or its Base Gem are glowing and covered in a shield. Upon breaking it(with either Elemental reactions or enough damage dealt), the fight will be moved to the first transition phase and afterward cycle back and forth with the ranged and melee phases.
In this initial phase, it can attack you with the following attacks:
Flings two ice beams into an overlapping cross pattern.
This is indicated by its two lashes starting to glow brightly.
Shoots homing icicles that will follow the player for a few seconds before losing their homing attribute.
This is indicated when the Regisvine raises its lashers less high and without a glowing effect.
The Regisvine slams itself into the ground three times.
Indicated by raising its body upwards and a glow travelling up its stem.
Slashes itself into the ground and attacks with its vines.
Upon breaking its shield, the Cryo Regisvine will curl itself up and lay on the ground unmoving. During this time, the Regisvine will lose its resistances and be unable to move. This phase lasts about 10 to 15 seconds.
After recovering, it will raise itself up and continue to flail around its body, dealing a huge amount of damage and knocking away any character in melee range.
This does not knock away summons such as Amber's baron bunny.
After its flail, the Regisvine will then return to its normal combat patterns. Depending on what shield has last been broken, it will transition into the Outer or Inner Ring phases.
Inner Ring Phase
This phase is started if the last weak spot has been the gem on its base. Upon start, Cryo Regisvine will start to channel Cryo Particles and blast it outwards, covering the outer ring of the arena in Cryo and dealing damage to the player should they not dodge. Standing on the Cryo on the outer side of the arena will quickly deplete the player's health.
Flails its body with deadly force.
This attack is triggered if a player is too close to the Regisvine.
Leans its head forward at the player, with its buds (arms) spread, and locks onto the player location, then fires a beam of Cryo from its corolla for a few seconds, dealing massive damage to any players caught in the beam. After firing the beam at the spot it locked onto, the Regisvine will proceed to slowly turn around 360 degrees.
Channels for a moment before smashing its body onto the last position of the player, three times.
Afterwards, it will remain still for a moment.
Outer Ring Phase
This phase is started if the last weak spot has been the gem in its stem. Nothing of note will happen during this phase.
Creates two ice beams that hone in on the player.
Shoots homing icicles that will follow the player for a few seconds before losing their homing attribute.
Slams itself into the ground at the player location.
If the player negates breaking the corola for too long, it will start covering the ground in Cryo and summoning an ice rain aimed at the player, this attack is lethal.
A giant vine that has absorbed the ancient flame that rages within the Ley Lines. It is restless, as if filled with an endless fury.
Poets, bards and even some academics believe that elements also contain emotions and hope. If this is true, then one can only wonder what emotions cause the Pyro Regisvine to burn eternally, writhing like one longing to be free of the confines of the earth...
Upon either attacking it from range or after entering its arena, the Pyro Regisvine will unfurl from its resting position and stand outright.
In this first phase, either its Eye or its Base Gem are glowing and covered in a shield. Upon breaking it(with either Elemental reactions or enough damage dealt), the fight will be moved to the first transition phase and afterward cycle back and forth with the ranged and melee phases.
In this initial phase, it can attack you with the following attacks:
Slams its face into the ground at the player location, sending Pyro tremors through the ground in the direction it faces.
Uses its buds to send small fireballs at the player in rapid succession.
Slams its head on the ground and sweeps it 180 degrees.
After a short charge-up, hurls a fireball at the player.
Upon breaking its shield, the Pyro Regisvine will curl itself up and lay on the ground unmoving. During this time, the Regisvine will lose its resistances and be unable to move. This phase lasts about 10 to 15 seconds.
After recovering, it will raise itself up and continue to flail around its body, dealing a huge amount of damage and knocking away any character in melee range.
This does not knock away summons such as Amber's baron bunny.
After its flail, the Regisvine will then return to its normal combat patterns. Depending on what shield has last been broken, it will transition into the Outer or Inner Ring phases.
Inner Ring Phase & Outer Ring Phase
Share the same attacks:
Points its corolla upwads, along with its buds, causing Pyro Energy to erupt from the ground in multiple locations, including the player's feet.
This attack can only be used once in this phase.
Channels for a moment before smashing its body onto the last position of the player, three times.
Afterwards, it will remain still for a moment.
Slams its head on the ground and sweeps it 180 degrees.
It will repeat this again in a 180 degree radius, and sometimes a 300 degree radius instead.
Flattens and stretches out its petals, then spins, dealing a large amount of damage and infusing the ground with Pyro.
A circle of Pyro will appear around it, indicating the radius of the attack.
Slams its face into the ground at the player location, sending Pyro tremors through the ground in the direction it faces.
Uses its buds to send small fireballs at the player in rapid succession.
Slams its head on the ground and sweeps it 180 degrees.
After a short charge-up, hurls a fireball at the player.
A predatory plant in the same vein as the Cryo and Pyro Regisvines, this creature can create an organ that resembles Electro Cores at its roots or corolla. When this type of organ starts to shift, its state will change, condensing into either a Waxing Stamen and a Waning Stamen. When the two types of stamens are present at the same time, they will attract one another and then unleash a powerful electrical explosion when they make contact. Destroying these stamens quickly is key to an easier battle experience.
Upon entering battle, the Electro Regisvine will form a shield (core) at its corolla. The shield will periodically shift positions between the Regisvine's corolla and roots. If the shield is destroyed, the regisvine will be stunned for a long period of time with lowered Resistances.
Every time the shield shifts positions, a Waning Stamen or Waxing Stamen will be produced which can be destroyed using Elemental Reactions. If both types of Stamens are present on the battlefield, they will attract each other and cause a massive explosion, dealing 300% ATK as AoE Electro DMG across the entire arena.
Both the shield and the Stamens are weakest to Cryo/Pyro/Dendro. Destroy a Stamen as soon as it spawns to prevent the explosion from occurring.
Slams its head into the ground, dealing 100% ATK as AoE Cryo DMG and causing three trails of shockwaves to spike from the ground, with each spike dealing 50% ATK as AoE Electro DMG.
Smashes its head on the floor and swings 180 degrees around its roots, dealing 75% ATK as AoE Electro DMG and knocking players away.
This attack can be chained up to two times, and may be followed up by Faceplant.
Smashes its head on the floor and swings 360 degrees around its roots, dealing 75% ATK as AoE Electro DMG and knocking players away. This attack is only used immediately after recovering from a stunned state.
Raises its buds and rapidly shoots bolts at the player, each dealing 40% ATK as Electro DMG on hit. This attack is only used while the Regisvine's shield is located at its roots.
Rapidly summons thunderbolts that mark an area before striking down, each dealing 40% ATK as AoE Electro DMG. This attack is only used while the Regisvine's shield is located at its roots.
For entries related to resources or resource efficiency.
Resources and Efficiency
Resin to Stardust Exchange Comparison
Blue (XP) leylines are more stardust-efficient than Gold (Mora) leylines.
Exp Leyline: 65.33 Stardust/Resin
Mora Leyline: 60 Stardust/Resin
Magic Crystal Ore: 60 Stardust/Resin
Artifact EXP Efficiency
2-star artifact vendors are, on average, 70.99% more EXP per resin than farming artifact domains for artifact EXP.
NPC shops sell 12.6K artifact XP worth of 2 artifacts for 30K Mora.
The mora cost of buying out the NPC shops is equal to 360 realm currency.
NPC shop artifacts are more worth to buy than sanctifying essence.
For a mathematical analysis on the artifact rolling system, see the artifact probability thesis.
Crafting refund vs increase passives
Eula and albedo's passive has a 10% chance to give more materials while Xingqiu and Mona has a 25% chance to refund a part of the materials used. By simulating a very large number of crafts we found that Eula/Albedo's passive is actually 10% better than than Xingqiu/Mona. If you take into account the initial talent books for the comparison then the difference is a whopping 1%.
Crafting Refund Vs Increase Passives At 3n+1 Items
When you have 3n+2 of a material it is worth using the "25% chance to refund" passive (e.g. that of Xingqiu) repeatedly till you get to a multiple of 3. When you have 3n or 3n+1, you should craft only using the "10% chance to double the product" passive (e.g. that of Layla). In the rare case that you do not plan to craft any more of this product, and you have 3n+1, then you might consider craft using the "25% chance to refund" passive repeatedly till you get to a multiple of 3.
Realm Currency Exchange Rate
Initial Analysis by
4 Wits / 1200 RC (1 Wit = 120 RC)
100000 mora / 1200 RC (1 mora = .012 RC)
20 MEOs / 1200 RC (1 MEO = 60 RC)
60 resin / 1200 RC
The most Resin-efficient purchase order at the Realm Depot is to claim the Magic Enhancement Ores every week, then the Wits, and then the Mora (assuming that the Traveler has already claimed the Transient Resin if they wish to).
For Travelers who wish to maximize Stardust and minimize Realm Currency: target Magic Enhancement Ores -> EXP -> Mora at Paimon's Bargains in the Shop. Inverse this priority (Mora -> EXP -> Magic Enhancement Ores) if Travelers wish to maximize Realm Currency and minimize Stardust.
Extended Analysis by
XP Book: 0.0272 Resin/RC (Resin per RC)
MEO: 0.0278 Resin/RC
Mora: 0.0278 Resin/RC
Artifact XP (Small): 0.0376 Resin/RC
Artifact XP (Large): 0.0376 Resin/RC
Transient Resin: 0.05 Resin/RC
Buying out both of the Artifact XP options allows the player to essentially receive a full day's worth of resin from their Realm Shop, should they purchase all of the artifact XP tinctures, as well as the Transient Resin. It is entirely possible to do this, as the total cost comes out to 4800 RC, and the highest possible expenditure each week is 5040 RC.
Battle Pass Resin Value
This does not include the Weapon Enhancement Ores, Fates, Primogems, and BP exclusive Weapons.
Weekly BP Cap During Launch Week
Reaching BP Weekly EXP limit during launch week requires sacrifices.
Possible sacrifices are:
Spend a total of 500,000 Mora.
It's easy to spend it if you're planning to level anything.
Purchase 2 items from the Teapot Traveling Salesman in another player's Serenitea Pot.
Requires sacrificing possible resin gains from purchasing Mora/fodder/EXP for Realm Currency - it's 80 Realm Currency in order to reach it.
Use a total of 1200 Original Resin.
Only NA is capable of doing this and not even by a huge margin - you can use up to 1237 resin assuming perfect server maintenance end and x2 Transient Resin.
If you're not a hardcore player, you need to either make a refill with Primogems or utilize Fragile Resins.
Reunion Blessing bonus Consumption Priority
If the Reunion Blessing bonus from the Stellar Reunion event is active alongside either the Ley Line Overflow or Overflowing Mastery event, the Reunion Blessing bonus will be prioritized.
Cheapest 3 instant heal (assuming 20k HP): Mondstadt Hashbrowns, 8.57 Health/Mora
Most Mora-efficient heal (assuming 20k HP): Grilled Tiger Fish, 11.23 Health/Mora
Cheapest Revive: Teyvat Fried Egg, 180 Mora if bought from restaurant
Most Mora-efficient sprinting stamina reduction: Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup, 850 Mora
As other effects such as ATK buffs and CRIT Rate buffs cannot be stacked, it is generally advised to use the best possible food in those categories rather than using the most mora-efficient food.
Character with extra dish passive can duplicate their specialties while cooking.
The destroy function in your inventory is the only way to mass delete/destroy items in the game other than the Parametric Transformer. However, the function itself is limited and the resources gained from destroying items are not worth compared to using them as fodder.
Destroying Artifacts will give mora equal to the amount of artifact XP. While destroying weapons, will give a number of 1 star enhancement ores based on the rarity of the weapon (3 for 3 stars, 2 for 2 stars, 1 for 1 star).
Destroying +0 Artifacts:
Destroying Level 1 Weapons:
Can't be Destroyed:
5 or 4 Weapons
Refined 3 weapons
Character Development Materials
Food (except apples and sunsettia)
Certain material items can be destroyed, but they don't give anything when destroyed, the same goes for apples and sunsettias too. However, not all material items can be destroyed, as of now, there is no consistent reason as to why.
Crabs that you approach and fail to pick up will respawn after leaving their render distances and coming back.
There exists an investigation daily limit of 100. After that, you cannot "investigate" to pick up items anymore. This limit resets at daily reset.
It is possible to go beyond this number by not leaving the rendered zone after picking up the 100th investigation spot.
As of Patch 2.5, the theoretical maximum is 184 investigation spots. For more information, see this Vault Entry.
There is a random event daily limit of 10. After that, you receive no reward when completing random events that day.
The inventory cap for Crystal Chunks is 9999, but players can overcap and reach 10006 by claiming Crystal Chunks as an Expedition reward, with 9998 already in their inventory.
The inventory cap for berries is also 9999, it's very likely that all resources cap at 9999.
The Chasm offers some special ores that can be easily identified by a blue aura around them. These ores drop extra chunks when broken.
Artifact Drop Spots
There are two types of artifact spots:
"No mora" class - Spots from this class never drop Mora and always drop a single piece of artifact with 65% chance it being white artifact and 35% chance for green.
"Has mora" class - Spots from this class always drop some amount of mora (200 on average), also the always drop white artifacts (1.5 on average) and never drop green artifacts.
1.2 ore per average seems consistent for all types of ores (excluding starsilver which there are currently not enough statistics). There are some fluctuations due to low sample size for Iron and White Iron and due to the event of 3 chunks having very low probability. But overall seems consistent. They sometimes drop two chunks, sometimes three and never one.
Iron, White and Crystal chunk are all possible drops.
Check the Evidence Vault for more data
Bushes have a 8% chance to drop loot, they will drop:
Fireflies (night-time only)
This information can be used together with the infinite spawning bushes bug to farm these materials.
Some bake-danukis that end up with investigation spot respawn. They seem to follow common enemies respawn pattern (12h), however it's still unclear.
Selecting a Talent/weapon domain before the daily reset will freeze the material type until you leave the domain. This means that if you re-enter the domain using the Resin reward screen UI then you will receive the same material on consecutive runs.
Capped Enhancement Ores
These are the consequences of having capped (9999) Mystic Enhancement Ores:
Abyss rewards are sent to the mail and cannot be collected.
Mystic Enhancement Ore from the Battle Pass cannot be collected.
Completing a random event will not yield any Ore rewards but will still give companionship EXP and Mora.
Mystic Enhancement Ore cannot be crafted at the blacksmith.
Completing a daily commission, however, CAN and WILL give Mystic Enhancement Ore, even exceeding the 9999 cap.
Maximum Original Resin
Original Resin can go past the cap of 160, up to a cap of around 2000 Resin.
The previous Original Resin Cap of 120 still exists for accounts that last logged in before the cap was changed. It only updates on logging in.
Crafted Food Item Limit
Crafted food items have a limit of 2000 per unique item.
You can only collect 2,000 of any specific wood per day. This limit resets at server reset and cannot be reset by relogging/teleporting.
The most efficient units for tree chopping:
Details: Google Doc
Tree Chopping Memory Mechanics
The game can only remember the 10 most recently-struck trees at a time. After the 11th tree is hit, the 1st tree's state is wiped from the memory and can be harvested again. However, if a previously harvested tree is struck again BEFORE this, it will be moved back into the sequence as the most recently updated item. Partial harvests also count the same as full harvest or re-harvest. Tree types that have been capped still contribute to the chopping memory, allowing for very unbalanced hybrid routes (like 1 cuihua to 10 cedar) to function even if one of the types have been capped.
Elemental Infusion Hampers Wood Cutting
Elemental infusions will generally prevent chopping wood with normal attacks.
Unholy Harvesting Methods
Attacks that shake untouched trees, including enemy attacks, can allow them to be harvested using a small number of Elemental Skills in a short window. We explored this to find several things.
Shaking a tree marks it as a target for a wider variety of Skills. Some attacks, like Mona's E, can only shake already-marked trees, and do nothing.
All Physical damage sources & an odd assortment of character Skills (Jean's E, Kaeya's Q) can shake/mark.
Marks last a very short time.
Some Skills and Overloads can harvest. Characters like Bennett and Xingqiu can harvest using E Skills, while Razor can harvest with E only if he uses Overload.
Melee normal attacks can sometimes whiff on a tree. This still marks the tree and enables harvesting via Elemental Skill.
Tree Mark Mechanics
Tree marks last for 5 seconds and cannot be extended with subsequent hits during this duration.
Marking trees and the duration of the mark are both client-side.
For entries related to resources or resource efficiency
Resources and Efficiency
Maximum Original Resin
Original Resin can go past the cap of 160, capped at ~2000.
Unable to go past 1993 Resin:
Unable to use 11 Fragile Resin (660 Resin) when at 1360 Resin, which would result in 2020 Resin:
Unable to use 1 Fragile Resin when at 2000 Resin:
Better understanding of the Resin system.
Resin to Stardust Exchange Comparison
Findings: Blue (XP) leylines are more stardust-efficient than Gold (Mora) leylines. They are 65.33 Stardust/Resin, while Gold leylines and Magic Crystal Ore conversion from the Blacksmiths are both 60 Stardust/Resin.
I used simple exchange rate math to relate XP materials, Magic Crystal Ores, and Mora to their cost in Resin, and back to their cost in the Stardust Shop. I assumed that the chance of receiving 6 or 7 Adv. Exp and 4 or 5 Hero's Wits was 50%.
Significance: These findings identify that the most efficient use of Stardust (outside of buying the 10 Fates, if the Traveler wishes to pay for them) is to clear the limited amount of Mora, then the Magic Crystal Ores, then the Adventurer's Experience. Additionally, it is more Resin-efficient to be farming more Blue leylines than Gold ones.
120 Original Resin Cap
120 Original Resin cap still exists for accounts that last logged in before the cap was updated to 160. It only updates after you log in.
Image proof: Imgur
Record of Original Resin usage: Imgur
Video proof: YouTube
More information on the Original Resin Cap change.
Artifact EXP from Vendors Vs Domains
Buying 2-star artifacts from vendors is more worth than running a domain for artifact exp (Once a week)
There are 3 artifact vendors, each selling five 2-star artifacts for 2k mora each. Shop refreshes once a week. Wiki Link.
Mora/Resin cost: 15 2k = 30k mora (10 resin)
Total artifact exp: 15 840 = 12600 exp
Resin worth: 12600/10 = 1260 exp/resin
Domain Run (20 resin):
Drop rates: Wiki Link
Average artifact exp: (1.068 3780) + (2.486 2520) + (3.546 1260) = 14769.72 exp
Best case artifact exp: (2 3780) + (3 2520) + (4 1260) = 20160 exp
2525 Mora: 2525/60000 = ~0.0421 resin
Average resin worth: 14769.72/20.0421 = ~736.9 exp/resin
Best case resin worth: 20160/20.0421 = ~1005.9 exp/resin
Vendor vs Domain:
Average: 1260/736.9 = ~1.7099 (vendor 70.99% more worth)
Best case: 1260/1005.9 = ~1.2526 (vendor 25.26% more worth)
Buying out the 3 artifact vendors once a week is more worth than running a domain for artifact exp.
Vendor is 70.99% more worth your resin on average, and 25.26% more worth for a best case domain run scenario.
Vendor Artifacts vs Housing Sanctifying Essence
NPC artifact shops are a better deal than the sanctifying essence in terms of artifact experience.
For 360 realm currency you can get 10k artifact exp. However, the 2 star artifact experience you get from all three NPC shops is actually equals to more than 10k artifact EXP while costing the same amount of realm currency. The total mora cost for the npc shops is 30k mora for 15 2 star artifacts. 1 two star artifact gives 840 exp and they sell 5 which means 5x840=4200 and 4200x3(amount of NPC artifact shops)=12600.
It's better to buy 3 10k mora with 360 realm currency than to buy 1 sanctifying essence for 360 realm currency because you get 2600 more artifact exp from the 30k mora when you buy artis from the npcs.
360 Realm Currency can be converted to 10K artifact EXP.
NPC shops sell 12.6K artifact XP worth of 2 artifacts for 30K Mora.
The mora cost of buying out the NPC shop is equal to 360 realm currency.
Artifact Probability Thesis
Performed a thorough mathematical analysis of the artifact rolling system, deriving equations for:
Exact probability that an artifact's substats upgrade beyond some threshold.
Approximate probability than an artifact, once upgraded, will yield an increase in damage.
3a. Approximate probability/expected time it takes to improve the overall damage of a build.
3b. Expected damage increase per resin spent for farming an artifact domain.
See ArtiSubMath-v101.pdf or the latest version on Overleaf.
There is also python demo code available at artifact-math-demo-py.zip.
One form of the long-awaited artifact-substat-to-resin relation has been found.
The theory can answer common questions such as:
Which artifact should I upgrade? Should I fodder this artifact or keep it?
Should I continue farming artifacts or should I focus on levels/talents?
Realm Currency Exchange Rate Analysis
Realm Currency (RC) is a new kind of currency that will release in 1.5 allowing Travelers to exchange it for various goods including Mora, EXP, Ores, and Transient Resin (60 Resin that must be used quickly). This exchange rate analysis will examine its value alongside Resin and Stardust.
The Traveler uses the Transient Resin and consumes 60 Original Resin
Stardust/Resin values are seen here: Resin Stardust Comparison
RC = Realm Currency
MEO = Magic Enhancement Ore
RC conversions based at 1200 RC:
Stardust conversions based at 60 Resin:
Based at 20 Resin:
The most Resin-efficient purchase order at the Realm Depot is to claim the Magic Enhancement Ores every week, then the Wits, and then the Mora (assuming that the Traveler has already claimed the Transient Resin if they wish to).
For Travelers who wish to maximize Stardust and minimize RC: target MEOs -> EXP -> Mora at Paimon's Bargains in the Shop. Inverse this priority (Mora -> EXP -> MEOs) if Travelers wish to maximize RC and minimize Stardust.
Realm Currency Extended Analysis
I was looking at the library submissions for Realm Currency and found that I had completely different conclusions in my personal findings than what had been submitted (specifically the submission above).
My 2 main criticisms of the previous analysis is that it does not include artifact XP, and it does not take into account the "weekly budget" that a player receives from their teapot. Additionally, I wanted to analyze the actual value of Transient Resin in comparison to each shop item.
In my finding, I have come to the conclusion that Transient Resin is by far the most efficient item in the shop, by a substantial amount. In order for any item in the shop to achieve at or above the same Resin Value as Transient Resin (equivalent to 60 Resin), the other options must be bought either almost or completely out.
Regarding the other shop items, the three "main" resources: XP books, Mystic Enhancement Ores, and Mora, are roughly equivalent to each other (though XP books are worth slightly less). On the other hand, the Artifact XP Tinctures are notably more efficient than the main three, as buying them out costs less while still reaching over 60 Resin Value, as well as having two of them available.
Transient Resin and Artifact XP are the most resin efficient resources available for purchase in the Realm Shop.
RC/Resin for each resource is as follows:
XP Book: 0.0272 Resin/RC (Resin per RC)
MEO: 0.0278 Resin/RC
Mora: 0.0278 Resin/RC
Artifact XP (Small): 0.0376 Resin/RC
Artifact XP (Large): 0.0376 Resin/RC
Transient Resin: 0.05 Resin/RC
Order in efficiency is as follows: Transient Resin > Artifact XP > Mora = MEO > (very slightly) XP Books.
All calculations are done assuming resin is being spent to obtain resources.
Calculations: Google Sheets
Extended version: Pastebin
Buying out both of the Artifact XP options allows the player to essentially receive a full day's worth of resin from their Realm Shop, should they purchase all of the artifact XP tinctures, as well as the Transient Resin. It is entirely possible to do this, as the total cost comes out to 4800 RC, and the highest possible expenditure each week is 5040 RC.
However, opting for a lower budget of buying out only one of the artifact options in order to save coins is also recommended.
There are other possible permutations of what to buy in the shop, but these are my recommendations if a person is looking to buy out the items as efficiently as possible.
There are extra factors to consider about why artifacts are worth more to buy. Primarily because there are often times that 5 artifacts will not be used as fodder.
I also want to object to the idea that purchasing 360 RC of Mora to buy out the 2-star artifacts in all vendors is better than buying a 360 RC artifact tincture, made in the following library submission: "Vendor Artifacts vs Housing Sanctifying Essence".
Technically, it is true that, by following this method, it is more efficient to buy out the 2-star artifacts each week with Mora than to buy one tincture. There is a theoretical budget where someone buys all but one large tincture, and purchases Mora 3 times in order to buy out the artifact vendors. I object because there are alternate methods of obtaining Mora that would be more efficient and does not require the purchase of Mora with RC. Utilizing mob kills, daily random events, or even leylines to obtain the mora necessary instead would allow for the purchase of an extra Large Tincture. And if it is worthwhile to buy out the vendors instead of 1 Tincture, I argue it is more worthwhile to buy out the vendors, as well as the tincture. There is only a budget of 5040 Coins per week at the highest level, and so it is not possible to buy Transient Resin, Tinctures, and the 30,000 Mora necessary solely with coins. Therefore, I suggest the artifacts should be bought with Mora from a different source. Though with smaller budgets it certainly could be suggested that the 30,000 mora be purchased instead.
Crafting Refund vs Increase Passives
Finding: Albedo's crafting passive isn't just straight 20% better than Mona's crafting passive (as stated in KQM guide) due to the fact that Mona's passive also allows for more subsequent crafting to be done, therefore more trials, therefore more chances of success.
Evidence: Through simulating a large number of crafting trials, I will post a screenshot of my code below.
Significance: Albedo/Eula passive isn't as good as it initially seems when compared to Xingqiu/Mona
Conclusion: From the results of my simulation (feel free to scrutinize my code, I have double checked it 3-4x myself), it seems that Eula/Albedo is passive is actually 10% better than than Xingqiu/Mona instead of the initial 20%. If you take into account the initial talent books for the comparison then the difference is a whopping 1%.
Buy the BP if you have the money.
Crafting Refund Vs Increase Passives At 3n+1 Items
When you have 3n+2 of a material it is worth using the "25% chance to refund" passive (e.g. that of Xingqiu) repeatedly till you get to a multiple of 3. When you have 3n or 3n+1, you should craft only using the "10% chance to double the product" passive (e.g. that of Layla). In the rare case that you do not plan to craft any more of this product, and you have 3n+1, then you might consider craft using the "25% chance to refund" passive repeatedly till you get to a multiple of 3.
GitHub and Imgur.
Image shows the (difference of (expected value of only using 10% passive) minus (expected value of using 25% chance till 3n)) at different values of starting materials. The difference (y-axis) is in terms of equivalent starting/lower-tier materials.
Rows represent how much of the low-tier material exists before crafting, categorized into 3n, 3n+1, and 3n+2.
Columns represent how the product is considered, with left counting any remaining +1 or +2 product as 1.1x, and right not counting remaining product in any way, only considering the higher tier product.
The left column is useful when crafting is expected to continue into infinity, and transition to using the 10% strategy at some point, but realistically it is useful anytime when players expected to craft more in the future. As seen from the graphs, always using "10% double" is better (difference is positive).
The right column is useful when crafting is expected to stop. As seen from the graphs, using "25% refund" till a multiple of 3 is reached is better for most values.
Optimize crafting output and resin efficiency, prove known strategies with math.
Overworld Farming Statistics
Artifact Drop Spots
There are two types of artifact spots:
"No mora" class - Spots from this class never drop Mora and always drop a single piece of artifact with 65% chance it being white artifact and 35% chance for green.
"Has mora" class - Spots from this class always drop some amount of mora (200 on average), also the always drop white artifacts (1.5 on average) and never drop green artifacts.
1.2 ore per average seems consistent for all types of ores (excluding starsilver which there are currently not enough statistics). There are some fluctuations due to low sample size for Iron and White Iron and due to the event of 3 chunks having very low probability. But overall seems consistent. They sometimes drop two chunks, sometimes three and never one.
Iron, White and Crystal chunk are all possible drops.
Evidence: Stats Sheet
Significance: Statistics for farming purposes
Crabs that you approach and fail to pick up will respawn after leaving their render distances and coming back.
Random Event Cap
There is a random event cap which is 10 random events a day. After that you get nothing more when you do random events that day.
Doing a random event 11 times, the 11th time there is no reward: YouTube
After the above, other random events also give no reward: YouTube
You can do 10 random events for mora, companionship exp, and enhancement ores everyday and its roughly about 15000-16000 mora a day and guaranteed 150 companionship exp a day. The easiest way to do this Is by repeating the warden of konda quest over and over again in that same spot as in the first video, scaring away the pigeons to do it quickly.
Some bake-danukis that end up with investigation spot respawn. They seem to follow common enemies respawn pattern (12h), however it's still unclear.
2021-07-21 18:42:25 - first video
2021-07-23 11:38:29 - second video (1 day 17h diff)
2021-07-24 05:52:53 - third video (~19h diff)
2021-07-24 17:21:04 - fourth video (~11h30min diff)
Some of them respawn artifacts so it might be a reliable way of getting more artifact fodder everyday.
Finding: There is an 8% chance to get something from a broken bush.
Out of 1,174 Bushes:
It seems like the drop is chosen randomly. Testing was done during the day, because at night, fireflies are added to the pool. They do not replace anything in the loot table, because at night all four items were dropped. There has never been an instance of getting more than one drop out of a bush.
Evidence: Google Docs
I didn't assume anyone would want a two hour video of me just breaking bushes, so I just compiled the results.
Significance: Was curious about the drop rates, and I couldn't find anything about them in the TCL, online, or in the data gathering server, so I figured I'd just do it myself. I wanted exact percentages just for the sake of thoroughness.
Chasm Special Ore
The Chasm offers some special ores that can be easily identified by a blue aura around them. These ores drop extra chunks when broken.
On 3 mining trips (unfortunately, some footage is missingonly trips that had footage were recorded in the sheet), I mined 164 Chasm Crystal Ores (CrystalB on the sheet) and 33 normal ores (just crystals).
Of these, 128, 35, and 1 dropped 2, 3, and 4 chunks respectively. This evidence means that these special ores are dropping more chunks than what normal ones should. It seems that the drop rates are 0% for 1 chunk (normally 81%), 78% for 2 chunks (normally 18%), 21% for 3 chunks (normally 1%), and 1% for 4 chunks (normally impossible).
When these drop rates are shifted by 1 drop then compared to normal drop rates, they are 78%-21%-1% compared to 81%-18%-1%.
There are 3 theories that explain this behaviorbut only one is actually possible.
"The drops are normalI just got really lucky"
This is impossible because 4 chunks can't drop from a single ore. Hence, the drop table must have been modified for the special Chasm ore.
"Each special ore drops one extra chunk, but each ore can only drop 3 chunks maximum"
This is impossible because 4 chunks can drop from a single ore.
"Each special ore drops one extra chunk"
This is the most likely theory, but more data should be recorded to be sure.
Note that there is not enough data to draw any conclusions about special Noctilucous Jade ore.
Special ores from The Chasm don't just look different, they also have different drop rates. This means that interactive Genshin maps and mining routes need to be revisited after taking this in consideration (and the wiki also needs to add this).
Pre Daily Reset Freeze Time
Selecting a Talent/weapon domain before the daily reset will freeze the material type until you leave the domain. This means that if you re-enter the domain using the Resin reward screen UI then you will receive the same material on consecutive runs.
Example: Taishan Mansion
If you enter Taishan Mansion at Tuesday 3:59 AM (1 min before reset), you will receive Diligence books. If you re-enter using rewards screen UI after claiming rewards and it's 4:01 AM, you will still receive Diligence books instead of Gold books.
Additionally, you will not be able to see the Welkin reward screen when you're inside the domain - you have to leave it first. However, you get the Primogems from the Welkin immediately at 4:00 AM.
Talent domain video:
0:00 - Taishan Mansion rewards for current day (indicates that time is 4:00 AM+, so Wednesday)
0:14 - Claiming rewards (Diligence books)
0:27 - Re-entry using domain UI
0:59 - Claiming rewards (Diligence books, even though it's still Wednesday)
1:15 - Leaving domain, Welkin screen appears
Weapon domain video:
0:00 - Display of weapon domain rewards from Wednesday, 3:58 AM (2 minutes prior to daily reset)
0:32 - Start of a domain run (still Wednesday)
1:33 - Domain clear, (still Wednesday), showing Primogem count prior to Welkin (1274)
1:56 - Daily reset, primogems updated (1274 + 90 = 1364)
2:05 - Visible domain rewards have changed to Thursday rewards
2:22 - Claiming rewards (from Wednesday, got Wednesday rewards)
2:38 - Re-entry using domain UI
3:37 - Claiming rewards (it's Thursday, got Wednesday rewards)
5:11 - Claiming rewards (it's Thursday, got Wednesday rewards)
6:11 - Leaving domain, Welkin screen appears
If you need to farm certain Talent/weapon material and it is few minutes before daily reset, you can condense all Resin, and enter the domain 1 minute before reset and keep getting rewards for previous day. Another possible usage is during new region releases, where you want to speedrun getting into Talent/weapon domain prior to reset in order to farm Talent/weapon materials for freshly released character without waiting few days.
Finding: Documenting the cost, in mora, of all food items in Genshin Impact.
Evidence: Food Doc
Methodology: The cost of an ingredient is determined by the lowest cost of that ingredient in an NPC shop if the ingredient is sold. If the ingredient is not sold but is available on expeditions, then the ingredient is assigned a cost of 250, since a 20 hour expedition gives 5000 mora or an average of 20 ingredients (average of 10 ingredients collected per expedition for each ingredient), so the tradeoff for each ingredient is 250 Mora. If the ingredient is neither sold nor available on expeditions, the ingredient is assigned a cost of 0. Calculations are also made with reputation discount costs, which are gained for each region at Reputation Level 4. Character special foods are not considered.
Cheapest 3 instant heal (assuming 20k HP): Mondstadt Hashbrowns, 8.57 Health/Mora
Most Mora-efficient heal (assuming 20k HP): Grilled Tiger Fish, 11.23 Health/Mora
Cheapest Revive: Teyvat Fried Egg, 180 Mora if bought from restaurant
Most Mora-efficient sprinting stamina reduction: Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup, 850 Mora
As other effects such as ATK buffs and CRIT Rate buffs cannot be stacked, it is generally advised to use the best possible food in those categories rather than using the most mora-efficient food. However, the cost calculations are included in the spreadsheet.
Significance: players who frequently use food and are looking to save Mora can see which foods are cheapest/most Mora-efficient for their given effects.
Duplicate Special Dish
Characters with extra dish cooking bonus can double their special dishes.
Just something to keep in mind.
Crafted Food Items Limit
Crafted items limit is 2000 per unique item. Both automatic cooking and manual cooking yield this result. Which character is cooking also does not change this limit.
2000 of each kind of Fragrant Mashed Potatoes: Imgur
Unable to craft more Suspicious Fragrant Mashed Potatoes: Imgur
Unable to craft more Fragrant Mashed Potatoes: Imgur
Unable to craft more Delicious Fragrant Mashed Potatoes: Imgur
Food is not infinite.
Daily Investigation Limit
There exists an investigation daily limit of 100. It is possible to go beyond this number by not leaving the rendered zone after reaching 100. Bake-danukis that give investigation spots count towards this limit as well.
Video shows me logging into genshin (Welkin, daily commissions displaying due to first login, 160 resin so I crafted condensed resin) and running through 100 investigation spots to showcase that if you investigate 100th spot then rerendering the zone WILL NOT display previously accessible investigation spots.
Above video contains timestamps of each spot and a counter on-screen. I also got artifacts from at least 4 bake-danukis that spawn artifact investigation spot in the video and I increased the counter after each one of them.
Video showcasing that it is possible to go beyond the cap. There's on-screen counter present showing how many investigation spots I have already gathered. I managed to get a total of 174 investigation spots.
Since patch 2.0, if you're going to do artifact routes then you don't want to investigate every single spot there is due to this limit and the fact that there are over 100 investigation spots containing artifacts as of now.
Additionally, because it's possible to go beyond 100 by not leaving the zone on 100th spot, it's advised to leave places with high amount of investigation spots for last.
Daily Investigation Limit Reset
Daily investigation limit resets at daily reset.
Video shows my character in 2 artifact spots that I have not picked on the previous day. Once I was in the Liyue cellar spot, daily reset happened - after teleporting far away and back, I was able to pick up investigation spots.
Allows for early artifact route run if you still have uninvestigated spots.
Daily Investigation Spots Post Daily Cap
We already know that the daily investigation cap is 100 and it's possible to go beyond that number by picking already rendered investigation spots.
If you're about to hit the daily cap and go too far from the place you are at right now without teleporting/relogging and then go back, the rendered investigation spot is lost. This would mean that all investigation spots are stored in your memory and they are strictly connected to your render distance.
Timestamped: Video - gathered 99th spot, going north to get 100th which is the cap. There are 2 spots visible here to gather.
Timestamped: Video - gathered 174 spots, no investigation spots present even though there was no teleport/relog happening.
Area covered by black thick border shows the vicinity of where I was past 100th spot, while the DoT displays timestamped above locations.
A test whether already rendered investigation spots get removed from your memory if you go too far or not - if it was allowed then it would be possible to walk through the entire inazuma (if you're some freaking absolute minmaxer), render all investigation spots at least once and then pick all of them up because everything is stored in your memory.
The above video displays that investigation spots are stored in your memory, and if you go too far then they are removed as it should be, because memory leaks are a horrible thing.
Multiple Artifact Clusters After 100
'Co-op helps': Investigates (Artifacts, Weapons, Iron, Energy, Veggies) don't despawn after reaching daily cap as long as a watcher (host or Co-op teammate) is near them .
'Order matters': Which spots are included in a cluster can change depending on which spot is being watched when 100th investigate is done .
'Wide clusters': Clusters can extend pretty far .
'Merged!': Tatarasuna and the nearby spots #7, #8 & BK6 can be merged into a single cluster by placing watchers at certain locations. Same goes for Koseki and Seiraimaru (Kosekimaru?) .
'Hypothesis': Seems like there are pre-defined 'groups' of these spots that can be held in memory as long as a watcher is in a certain range of at least one or few of its spots. these groups can still despawn if they are left unwatched anytime after reaching the cap.
Cluster is an area/set of spots that can be watched by a single watcher after reaching the daily investigation cap.
Spot numbers are referenced from the maps created in previous tickets:
4 clusters tested, including a 22-spotted one in Seiraimaru (Ship + #6 + 2x BKs)
11-spotted Hiraumi, Koseki + #6 + 2x BKs
and BK10 included in Tatara cluster
Post-cap run for 184 total spots
Kosekimaru watchpoint, read description
Allows collecting artifacts from more than (the previous max of) 129 spots in a day. Assuming you have friends with moderate patience stats (max 20 mins afk). Based on current knowledge, theoretical max is: 5+99+32+30+11+7=184.
Tree Chopping Memory Mechanics
The game can only remember the 10 most recently-struck trees at a time. After the 11th tree is hit, the 1st tree's state is wiped from the memory and can be harvested again. However, if a previously harvested tree is struck again BEFORE this, it will be moved back into the sequence as the most recently updated item. Therefore, a loop in the following order where each number represents a specific tree will generate no wood on the second partial loop: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11. This is because trees 2-11 have become the recently updated set in memory, and only 1 has been dropped and reverted to "harvestable" state. In a typical 11 tree loop, hitting tree 1 again would provide wood, then remove the most recent last tree (tree 2 in this case) from memory. Partial harvests also count the same as full harvest or re-harvest.
Partial harvest evidence & 11 tree loop Hitting tree 2 before 1 on second loop proves minimum loop is 11, only the 11th tree is reset, and updating mechanics.
There is no quick method to reset tree resources beyond hitting an 11th tree and removing the 10th-previously-harvested tree from the memory. Aside from logging out of the game, these mechanics are key to quick farming of a targeted type of tree. Fast traveling has no effect, nor does entering a domain, nor does waiting several minutes. To keep farming trees efficiently, the loop must avoid all 10 trees already in memory. Adding a buffer of an additional 1 or 2 trees into the loop can help prevent accidentally updating depleted trees in memory and wasting time. Additionally, if your loop contains mixed tree types, you can exploit the partial harvest finding to farm one type faster by only striking the less-desired trees one time each before moving on.
Temporary Skill Targets: Enabling Unholy Harvesting Methods
Attacks that shake untouched trees, including enemy attacks, can allow them to be harvested using a small number of Elemental Skills in a short window. We explored this to find several things.
Shaking a tree marks it as a target for a wider variety of Skills. Some attacks, like Mona's E, can only shake already-marked trees, and do nothing.
All Physical damage sources & an odd assortment of character Skills (Jean's E, Kaeya's Q) can shake/mark
Marks last a very short time
Some Skills and Overloads can harvest. Characters like Bennett and Xingqiu can harvest using E Skills, while Razor can harvest with E only if he uses Overload.
Summary post with multiple videos here YouTube
Attacks are not equal in terms player-environment interaction. Most Skills can never harvest nor shake tress; some can shake trees, others can harvest directly, while others can harvest indirectly via Overloading burning grass. Most importantly for combat, damage sources appear to be treated differently depending on the character, attack, and reaction source. Overloading via E to harvest a marked tree works for Razor and Beidou, but not Xiangling or Fischl's Elemental arrow. Overload seems to work on burning grass but not self-overloads. Dealing phys damage with Xinyan harvests using a Normal Attack, but only shakes during her Burst. More broadly, the game appears to be conserving resources by limiting the player's kit unless certain enabling actions are taken. After enabling these attacks, the game shuts them down after a short window. Enemies appear to be permanently enabled for all attacks, but the player must fight enemies within a specific area, otherwise they will teleport back and reset.
Tree Mark Duration (Misc Tree Mark Updates)
Extension to the above ticket
... Marks last a very short time ... "
Tree marks last for 5 seconds and cannot be extended with subsequent hits during this duration.
docs.google.com - Tree mark duration (in frames), roughly 300 frames at 60fps.
Gotta chop fast
Tree Marks and Duration are Client-Side (Misc Tree Mark Updates)
Marking trees and the duration of the mark are both client-side.
Demonstrates that the act of marking trees and mark duration are not dependent on ping.
Missed Attacks Still Mark Trees For Unholy Harvesting
Missed attacks on trees due to a bug still mark the tree for unholy harvesting methods.
Xingqiu N1 (miss) into Xingqiu Skill: YouTube
Qiqi N1 (miss) into Tartaglia Skill and Attacks: YouTube
Version 2.3 Bennett N1 (whiff) into Tartaglia Skill and Attacks: Imgur
In Version 2.3, miHoYo issued a supposed fix for the whiffed attacks on trees, as noted in their patch notes. However, this issue can still sometimes occur post-patch, enabling this trick.
I am the Lorax. I speak for the trees.
Lumberjack Tier List
Link to Tierlist
Summary of Results, most efficient units for tree chopping:
Xingqiu (only if you manually time their attack string, spam clicking won't work)
Wood Daily Drop Limit
Finding: You can only collect 2,000 of any specific wood per day. This limit resets at server reset and cannot be reset by relogging/teleporting.
Inventory before and after farming wood over 3 days: YouTube
Evidence that player cannot collect more bamboo, but can collect other wood: YouTube
Same for pine wood: YouTube
Hitting cap and testing teleport and logout/login (and showing that neither reset the cap): YouTube
Collecting pine wood after server reset (marked by new daily commission quest at 0:12): YouTube
Note that although I did need to teleport to get wood after reset, teleporting alone does not reset the cap, as shown above.
Significance: Useful for players to know if they're farming a massive amount of wood.
Capped Wood Types Register In Chopping Memory
Even after farming one tree type to the cap, it will still register in the 11 tree chopping memory.
In the video, thoma hits 4 birch trees that do not drop wood, this is either caused by a.) being in memory as a tree 1-11 or b.) the daily wood cap was hit for birch specifically. Next, 5 fir trees and 2 cuihua trees were cut, all dropping wood. Going back to the birch trees resulted no new wood drops, and since those are 11 trees hit in total it is impossible for all of the birch trees to be "in memory", so the only reason they wouldn't drop wood is that birch daily limit has been reached. 2 additional fir trees were cut and dropped wood, so capped wood types do count in the tree chopping memory mechanics.
Since capped trees do register in memory, this allows for hybrid routes (such as the one in the video), especially very unbalanced hybrid routes (like 1 cuihua to 10 cedar) to function even after you have farmed one wood type to completion.
Elemental Infusion Hampers Wood Cutting
Melee attacks infused with elements usually cannot chop wood from trees.
Chongyun and Ayaka infusions prevent wood chopping - YouTube
Ayato can chop wood during his Skill's infusion if activated immediately after an uninfused normal attack hit (see Unholy Harvesting Methods for an explanation) - YouTube
Characters that involuntarily infuse elements (e.g. Ayaka) are sub-par at chopping wood.
BP Resin Value
This does not include the weapon enhancement ores, fates, primogems, and bp exclusive weapon.
Also average talent domain rewards sheet (credit to carrier/Data Gathering): Spreadsheet
Weekly BP Cap During Launch Week
Finding: Reaching BP Weekly EXP limit during launch week requires sacrifices.
Possible sacrifices are:
Spend a total of 500,000 Mora.
It's easy to spend it if you're planning to level anything.
Purchase 2 items from the Teapot Traveling Salesman in another player's Serenitea Pot.
Requires sacrificing possible resin gains from purchasing Mora/fodder/EXP for Realm Currency - it's 80 Realm Currency in order to reach it.
Use a total of 1200 Original Resin.
Only NA is capable of doing this and not even by a huge margin - you can use up to 1237 resin assuming perfect server maintenance end and x2 Transient Resin.
If you're not a hardcore player, you need to either make a refill with Primogems or utilize Fragile Resins.
Sheet including options and calcs per server region: Google Doc
Note that 500,000 Mora and Purchase 2 item from the Teapot Traveling Salesman have same value (450), which is the reason as to why there is no extra sheet for salesman / salesman + resin as same values are included in 500,000 Mora sheets.
Significance: People who wanted to reach BP Weekly EXP limit during launch week have to make additional sacrifices in order to do so.
Destroy Function Mechanics
The destroy button in the inventory is the only way to mass delete/destroy items in the game other than the Parametric Transformer. However, the function itself is limited and the resources gained from destroying items are not worth compared to using them as fodder.
By destroying artifacts, you either can get XP or Mora, it is the same for each. By destroying weapons, you obtain a number of 1 enhancement ores based on the rarity of the weapon (3 for 3 stars, 2 for 2 stars, 1 for 1 star).
5 or 4 artifacts and weapons cannot be destroyed
Refined 3 weapons cannot be destroyed
Character development materials, Food (except apples and sunsettias), gadgets, quest, and precious items cannot be destroyed
Material items that can be destroyed (in addition to apples and sunsettia) do not give anything when destroyed
Some material items can be destroyed and some cannot. There does not seem to be consistent reasoning for why
Destroying weapons is not efficient and causes you to lose weapon XP. Destroying artifacts although has no "real downside," the rewards given are lackluster and are better used as fodder. There is no reason to destroy items that give no rewards. Those items are better used for the Parametric Transformer if they need to be disposed of. The only upside is to mass clear inventory space, but due to the size of the inventory and the loss of XP, it does not warrant using the feature.
Capped Enhancement Ores
Consequences of having capped (9999) Mystic Enhancement Ore:
Abyss rewards are sent to the mail and cannot be collected until there is enough room for ore to no longer exceed the 9999 mystic enhancement ore cap
Mystic enhancement ore from the Battle Pass cannot be collected until there is enough room for ore to no longer exceed the 9999 mystic enhancement ore cap
Completing a random event will not yield any ore rewards but will still give companionship EXP and mora
Mystic enhancement ore cannot be crafted at the blacksmith with either amethyst chunks or crystal ore
Completing a daily commission CAN and will give mystic enhancement ore, exceeding the 9999 cap (previous methods still do not work past 9999)
This will never happen to you though.
Crystal Chunk Inventory Cap
The natural cap of Crystal Chunks able to be held in a player's inventory is 9999.
This can be overcapped by claiming Crystal Chunks as a reward from Expeditions at a maximum of 10006 (9998+8).
Don't become an Ore Archon like me.
Inventory cap for berries is 9999 much like crystal chunks.
Knowledge... and maybe a hint that all materials might be capped at 9999.
Reunion Blessing Is Consumed Before Ley Line Overflow
The Reunion Blessing bonus from the Stellar Reunion event is prioritized over the Ley Line Overflow bonus if both events are active at the same time.
This won't be a particularly common occurrence, but if you want to use the Reunion Blessing bonus for something other than Ley Line Outcrops while Ley Line Overflow is active, spending Resin on another activity before doing Ley Line Outcrops is recommended.
It might be assumed that this works similarly for the Overflowing Mastery event. In theory, it's likely that Reunion Blessing is also consumed first, but testing is still necessary to verify that claim.
Reunion Blessing Is Consumed Before Overflowing Mastery
The Reunion Blessing bonus from Stellar Reunion is consumed before the Overflowing Mastery bonus if both events are active at the same time.
If you have both events active and you wish to use Reunion Blessing for something other than talent domains while Overflowing Mastery is active, you should spend resin on that other activity before doing talent domains.
A beast with monstrous blood that is capable of eroding the boundaries of the world. "Gold" classified them as "Alfisol".
Rockfond Rifthound Whelp
They follow the encroaching abyss to devour the elements. Fortunately, there are few of them left now in this world.
Corrosion: When their attacks hit a character, that character and other characters in the party will be afflicted by the Corrosion status, losing HP every second.
Shielded characters will not be immune to corrosion.
The Rifthound swipes at the player with their claws.
The Rifthound temporarily turns invisible to attack the player from another direction.
If struck with the same Element of their affinity, they will accumulate Rage.
When filled, their attacks become more dangerous but their resistance against their aligned Element decreases.
If the player is far away, they will charge a ball of Energy on their tails and launch it at the player.
The Rifthound dive bombs the player in a manner similar to the Thunder Manifestation.
Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp
In times long gone, when giant monstrous beasts descended, large swarms of these hounds would go before them to deliquesce the borders of the world and open the way.
Corrosion: When their attacks hit a character, that character and other characters in the party will be afflicted by the Corrosion status, losing HP every second.
Shielded characters will not be immune to corrosion.
The Rifthound swipes at the player with their claws.
The Rifthound temporarily turns invisible to attack the player from another direction.
If struck with the same Element of their affinity, they will accumulate Rage.
When filled, their attacks become more dangerous but their resistance against their aligned Element decreases.
If the player is far away, they will charge a ball of Energy on their tails and launch it at the player.
The Rifthound dive bombs the player in a manner similar to the Thunder Manifestation.
A beast with monstrous blood that is capable of eroding the boundaries of the world. They were created by "Gold".
They do display certain biological behaviors similar to those of real wolves. Perhaps they feel jealousy towards these their "next of kin," and dream of replacing them someday.
Corrosion: When their attacks hit a character, that character and other characters in the party will be afflicted by the Corrosion status, losing HP every second.
Shielded characters will not be immune to corrosion.
The Rifthound swipes at the player with their claws.
The Rifthound temporarily turns invisible to attack the player from another direction.
If struck with the same Element of their affinity, they will accumulate Rage. When filled, their attacks become more dangerous but their resistance against their aligned Element decreases.
If the player is far away, they will charge a ball of Energy on their tails and launch it at the player.
The Rifthound dive bombs the player in a manner similar to the Thunder Manifestation.
Once upon a time, they ran riot across the continent, but they went extinct for a time due to resistance and mass hunts. Recently, however, they have re-emerged. The pack of black wolves that now threaten Springvale and Wolvendom are such creatures.
Corrosion: When their attacks hit a character, that character and other characters in the party will be afflicted by the Corrosion status, losing HP every second.
Shielded characters will not be immune to corrosion.
The Rifthound swipes at the player with their claws.
The Rifthound temporarily turns invisible to attack the player from another direction.
If struck with the same Element of their affinity, they will accumulate Rage. When filled, their attacks become more dangerous but their resistance against their aligned Element decreases.
If the player is far away, they will charge a ball of Energy on their tails and launch it at the player.
The Rifthound dive bombs the player in a manner similar to the Thunder Manifestation.
Some attacks (listed below) can knock Rifthounds prone.
Jean Hold E
Bennett Skill (Hold level 2)
Diluc Burst (Final Hit)
A muscular hilichurl that uses a rock as a shield..
Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl
Fighting and eating meat are the two most important things to hilichurls, because those are what make them grow stronger. All young hilichurls dream of growing up to become a big and strong mitachurl, because that way they can eat more meat, fight more battles, and wield those (almost) impregnable giant rock shields.
Uses a large Geo hand shield. The shield can be destroyed using Geo or blunt attacks, or dealing enough damage to it. If the shield is left undamaged for a short while, it will slowly regenerate its health.
Charges in a set direction until colliding with the player or a solid structure.
Blocks attacks in the way of its shields. Attacks from the side and back can still go through. If the shield is destroyed, it will be unable to perform this attack.
If the player character strays too close, it can deliver a punch.
If the player can't be reached by other attacks, digs in the ground for a Geo slime to throw at the player.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Rosaria's E is 1U Cryo on both hits and has no ICD
Rosaria's Q applies 1U Cryo on every damage tick with no ICD
Rosaria's CRIT bonus from her A1 is included in her A4 CRIT sharing
Rosaria's A1 CRIT bonus doesn't apply if you use her E while already behind an enemy
Passive: Night Walk
Rosaria's passive doesn't work in the Serenitea Pot
Rosaria's passive does not work in serenitea pot (even after manual time switch to night time).
Overworld: Clearly faster - Imgur
Serenitea Pot - Imgur
Another evidence that the Serenitea Pot behaves similarly to Domains in game.
A1: Regina Probationum
Rosaria's A1 Passive vs. Perpetual Mechanical Array & the Hypostases
Although Hypostases and Perpetual Mechanical Array dont have obvious distinction between front and back in terms of visual, Rosaria can still activate her A1 Passive (12% CRIT Rate buff) by hitting them from certain angles.
In this clip I cast Rosaria E twice against Cryo Hypostasis in the same DPS window. The first E failed to activate A1 while the second E cast from opposite direction was able to activate it.
This clip contains two separate attempts of hitting Cryo Hypostasis after they performed the rolling attacks. In the first attempt, I hit them from behind and successfully activated the passive. In the second attempt I hit them from opposite direction and couldnt get the buff.
Clips of Rosaria getting A1 buff against other bosses:
Anemo Hypostasis - Video
Electro Hypostasis - Video
Geo Hypostasis - Video
Pyro Hypostasis - Video
Perpetual Mechanical Array - Video
Rosaria can take advantage of her A1 Passive against the aforementioned bosses by the correct positioning. Which can be useful especially when these enemies appear in harder contents such as Spiral Abyss/Event Domains.
Rosaria Skill First Hit A1 Crit Buff
Rosaria's A1 passive does apply to the first hit of her skill
Google Docs sheet where I recorded all my Rosaria Es. 55 Rosaria Es were tested and all of them crit. If the A1 Crit Rate doesn't apply to her E then there would be a 0.0018% chance of this happening. I did a Chi Squared test with the expected values being if the A1 passive didn't apply and got a p-value of .0095 meaning its statistically significant
Videos of me doing the Rosaria Es:
Rosaria's skill snapshot before the first hit of her skill and since her CR applies to it she can do marginally more damage. This also doesn't match with the wording of her ascension which implies that it'll apply only after the first hit of the skill.
A4: Shadow Samaritan
A4 Stacks with External Sources of CRIT
Rosaria's CRIT Rate sharing is influenced by other direct CRIT boosters.
This has been tested to work with Hu Tao's A1 and Geo MC's C1.
Diona : 29.9%
Rosaria A4 : + 8.8%
Diona w/ Rosaria A4 : 38.7%
Diona w/ Hu Tao A1 : 41.9%
While the Hu Tao boost is active, Ulting with Rosaria increases Diona's CR to 52.5% meaning that Rosaria's A4 is giving Diona 10.6% CR. This is an additional 1.8% CR when compared to the CRIT sharing uninfluenced by Hu Tao.
This confirms that anything which influences a character's CRIT stats found in the details tab will influence the CRIT Sharing that Rosaria offers
C6: Divine Retribution
Rosaria's C6 Debuff Refreshes on Hit
Rosaria's C6 debuff is also triggered by the DoT on her Burst.
The description is misleading, and you can actually maintain 100% uptime on this Physical RES Shred.
Pale Flame on Rosaria
2 stacks of the Pale Flame 4-Piece set bonus cannot be achieved by 1 use of Rosaria's Skill despite the Skill being 2 hits (probably because the 2 hits are within 0.3s), and requires back to back usage to achieve the full 4-Piece effect.
Also hitlag on Mitachurl shields wooden and geo still only grants you one stack per Skill use.
This makes 4-Piece Pale Flame stacks somewhat difficult to maintain for carry Rosaria with, since her Skill CD is 6s and Pale Flame stacks last for 7s.
A sister of the church, though you wouldn't know it if it weren't for her attire. Known for her sharp, cold words and manner, she often works alone.
Full Written Rosaria Guide
7 Minute Video Guide to Rosaria
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Will only grant one stack of the Pale Flame artifact 4-Piece bonus per cast.
The passive does not work in the Serenitea Pot.
Either damage instance of Ravaging Confession can trigger this passive.
This CRIT Rate increase shows up in her stat screen, meaning it can be snapshotted by her A4, Shadow Samaritan, and included in the CRIT Rate sharing.
Rosaria doesn't gain the CRIT Rate bonus unless the use of Ravaging Confession lands her behind the enemy.
If Rosaria starts her Skill behind an enemy, but that enemy turns around to face her before the two hits, she won't get the CRIT Rate bonus.
For enemies who dont have visual distinction between front and behind, Rosaria can still activate her A1 by hitting them from certain angles.
The CRIT Rate increase of Regina Probationum snapshots before the first hit of Ravaging Confession, not after, meaning the first hit also benefits from the CRIT Rate increase.
The CRIT Rate shared by Shadow Samaritan can be stacked with external CRIT buffs that show up in a character's stat sheet
For example, the CRIT Rate shared by Shadow Samaritan stacks with both Hu Tao's A1 talent and Geo MC C1.
This buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Can trigger against shielded enemies
This effect can also be triggered by the lance DoT.
This effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Royal Weapons have more effective CRIT Rate the less CRIT Rate rolls you have
The passive also procs even when the unit is off-field and
Skills that snapshot will maintain low CRIT Rate while still increasing stacks, reducing the chance of losing stacks. This allows high damaging abilities to be cast and fully capitalize on the increased CRIT Rate.
AoE abilities snapshot the CRIT Rate increase from Royal Weapons
Mathematical analysis shows that Royal Weapons have less effective CRIT Rate the more CRIT Rate you build
Legend has it that they were war machines left behind by a nation that had been destroyed. Compared to the more common Ruin Guards, their forms have greater value in the study of biomimesis. The distributed design and battle mode seem to have come from honeybee colonies, able to change forms and to attack from different directions.
Core inside the head. For unknown reasons this core counts as a weakspot but will not trigger certain effects related to it (ex. prototype crescent).
Summons three orbitals that will charge an Orb, which is then shot from the main head. The core is exposed during this attack.
Using the three orbitals as a scope, the main head fires a long and slender stinger. While charging the core is protected.
By withdrawing its three orbitals and diverting all power to the head, it pushes itself back while also laying an energized Orb. This attack is performed when the player is close to the Ruin Cruiser. The Orb stays on the field for some time and does Physical Damage for the duration it's on the field. After some time the Orb will explode in a small AoE. If the Ruin Cruiser is defeated before the timer is up for the Orb, then the Orb will explode prematurely. It will expose its core during the charging of the Orb.
The Ruin Cruiser fires multiple stingers into the air before they all bombard the area in front of it. The attack will cover a large area and is always fired 4 times. While charging, its core is exposed. When firing its core is protected.
When the weak spot of the main head is hit twice while it is exposed, the Ruin Cruiser deactivates for a short time where it does not attack.
Legend has it that they were war machines left behind by a nation that had been destroyed. Compared to the more common Ruin Guards, their design has greater value in the study of biomimesis. The insect-like limbs are more agile than humanoid machines. The shield formed by each part can resist any frontal attack.
Raising itself on its hind legs, the Defender stabs with its two front legs. Its core is protected during this attack.
Projects a shield from its front legs that blocks all damage that comes from the front and cannot be broken by any means. Its' core is protected during this move.
If the player is within melee range of the shield they will be bashed back. This attack deals Damage in an AoE in front of itself. The core is protected during this attack.
Leaps high in the air, then lands on its target, dealing Damage in an AoE around its landing zone. The core is protected during this attack
The Defender charges up Energy at its core before firing it. Its' core is exposed during this attack.
After hitting its exposed core twice the Defender slumps down and becomes deactivated for a short time. During this time it will not attack.
Legend has it that they were war machines left behind by a nation that had been destroyed. Compared to the more common Ruin Guards, their design has greater value in the study of biomimesis. The giant crown, composed of several parts, looks like a scary plant. It's not known what one has to go through in order to design such scary machine.
Core inside the head. For unknown reasons this core counts as a weakspot but will not trigger certain effects related to it (ex. prototype crescent).
Opening its head, the Destroyer spins its whole head on the ground and flails it across. Its' core is protected during this attack.
By firing a charged beam of pure Energy at the ground, the Destroyer creates an Energy field centered on its target. The field has a large AoE that deals Damage for the duration of this attack. Its' core is exposed during this attack.
Borrowing into the ground and planting its roots, the core gathers Energy and creates a Vacuum Field that sucks the player in. After charging, it will overload its core, exploding anything in a medium AoE around itself. Its' core is exposed during this attack.
Using its core, it fires small Energy Orbs two to five times. Its' core is protected during this attack.
Digs into the ground before it reemerges close to its target. Similar to the Geovishap Hatchling, it cannot be damaged while it's burrowing.
After hitting its weak spot twice, it becomes deactivated. During this short time it will not attack.
A horrifying dragon-shaped machine.
Ruin Drake: Earthguard
It is said to be a war machine left behind by a now-destroyed nation. It mimics the appearance of the beings known as Vishaps, with some functional enhancements. Such machines have an even greater ability to absorb or perhaps the right word is counteract Elemental powers than the vishaps.
From this ability, one can glimpse the scale of the ambition that the civilization that made these machines must have once held
A horrifying dragon-shaped machine.
Ruin Drake: Skywatch
It is said to be a war machine left behind by a now-destroyed nation. It mimics the appearance of the beings known as Vishaps, with some functional enhancements. Such machines have an even greater ability to absorb or perhaps the right word is counteract elemental powers than the vishaps.
How, you wonder, did a civilization that could make such frightening machines of war collapse?
An ancient humanoid war machine..
Their form is similar to that of Ruin Guards, but is more distorted and more powerful. Energy cores have been installed in both its legs, as though to power its overly heavy form.
Eye and Cores on knees. The cores will trigger headshot even when hidden, but will be disabled if they're destroyed (blacked out).
Performs a clapping motion dealing Damage to nearby players, then fires a laser beam in front of it at a fixed angle. The core in its head is exposed for as long as it fires the beam.
Stomps with one foot. This is then followed up with a shockwave from the same foot, dealing greater Damage in a larger AoE. The cores in both feet are briefly exposed before the follow-up shockwave attack.
Spins the upper half of its body and marches towards the player, dealing severe Damage over a period of time. The cores in both feet are briefly exposed right before and after the attack.
If the player stays too far, the Ruin Grader will charge in one direction towards the player. This briefly exposes the cores in both feet right before and after the attack.
Fires a laser beam directly at the player. It will adjust the firing angle if its current target moves and will preemptively cancel the attack if the target is outside of its firing arc. The core in its head is exposed before the attack and for as long as it fires the beam. The Ruin Grader may perform this attack if the cores of both feet are disabled, but not the core in its head.
Fires three Orbs which will try to land in a triangle formation around the player. These Orbs stay on the ground for about 9 seconds and deal AoE Damage. This exposes the core in its head for the duration of the attack.
Extends both arms out toward the ground and energizes its laser beam, quickly spinning and firing its beam in a moderate AoE around itself. This attack is only performed if all of its cores are disabled at once.
After destroying all of it's cores, the Ruin Grader will be temporarily disabled for a short period of time, and will not attack.
An ancient humanoid war machine..
Legend has it that these machines were combat automatons created by a long-destroyed nation. They now wander ruins and ancient detritus, attacking offending travelers. Research indicates that the Ruin Guards and the ruins they operate in do not originate from the same source, suggesting that there may be a difference of as much as several thousand years between them on the timeline. So why then do the Ruin Guards continue staying among these ruins, using their "explosive firepower" to protect the crumbling walls and broken tiles?
Front Eye and Back Cover, the weakspot remains even when they're covered, but will be disabled while the Ruin Guard is stunned.
It will raise one of its feet and stomp the ground, damaging nearby characters within a small AoE.
If any characters are still within melee range after a Stomp attack, the Ruin Guard may follow-up a Stomp by leaning down and using its hands to clap powerfully in front of them.
Bringing both fists together before performing, it will do two spinning punches before jumping into the air and landing towards the player location with a moderate AoE in front of itself.
The Ruin Guard begins to spin its upper body and further extending its arms' reach. While spinning, it will continuously march towards the player. This attack lasts for about 7 seconds and deals heavy damage to characters caught in the attack.
Players outside of the Ruin Guard's melee range will force the Ruin Guard to quickly swivel its upper body around 180 and become stationary, exposing its core on the back towards the player. Shortly after, a red crosshair will appear on the Ruin Guard's target, and it will then fire a swarm of homing missiles (6 each). Although the missiles are somewhat slow, they are able to change direction almost instantly, while locked onto their target. Once the crosshair disappears, the missiles no longer pursue their target and continue moving in a straight path.
A giant alien-looking war machine..
They are said to be remnants from a lost ancient nation. It seems that the creators opted to forgo the low-performing humanoid-design in pursuit of improved combat effectiveness. They are extremely dangerous both in melee and ranged combat. Considering these mere relics possess such extraordinary power, one cannot help but wonder what the civilization that produced them must have looked like at its height.
While in Bombardment Mode (Flying), the core inside him will be exposed. For unknown reasons this core counts as a weakspot but will not trigger certain effects related to it (ex. prototype crescent).
The Ruin Hunter transforms it's left arm into a blade and raise it up, then quickly slashes once in front of itself.
It transforms and raises its right arm, then attacks twice forward, followed by a spinning slash, ended by one final slash.
On occasions when it'll end a the combo above, it has a chance to perform a far-reaching sideways spin at the end, dealing heavy Damage.
If the player roams too far, it will change its right hand to a drill and prepare to strike, after 2 seconds it will instantly charge towards the player, covering tons of distance in the process, dealing immense Damage.
The Ruin Hunter may occasionally enter "Bombardment Mode" by detaching its limbs which then serve as its propulsion, pushing all nearby players away, and becoming airborne for a while or until its core is hit. It will immediately enter this mode of attack if it's current target is too high or low in elevation. While parked in the air, its core weak spot is exposed, and may perform one of the four following attacks:
All thrusters point the sky and fire a barrage of 8 missiles into the air which shortly after, strike the ground randomly in a grid-like fashion. These missiles have a large AoE. This attack can be performed up to 10 times.
If the player roams too far, the Ruins Hunter will fire 4 quick volleys of bullets toward its target.
If the player roams too far, the Ruins Hunter will shoot multiple missiles that can home in on the player. This attack is followed up with the Ruin Hunter charging up for a few seconds to unleash a focused beam attack, dealing immense Damage.
All four thrusters face downward and quickly spin before unleashing four simultaneous laser blasts, directly below itself. After this attack is performed, it will exit Bombardment Mode and return to the ground.
If the player hits the Ruin Hunter's weakspot core in Bombardment Mode, it'll cause it to exit it's form, fall down and be temporarily stunned.
Legend has it that they were war machines left behind by a nation that had been destroyed. Compared to the more common Ruin Guards, their design has greater value in the study of biomimesis. Exactly why the form and action of certain deep sea lifeform are being imitated is not known. You don't want to be entangled with them.
Core inside the head. For unknown reasons this core counts as a weakspot but will not trigger certain effects related to it (ex. prototype crescent).
Turning its body on the side, it charges up a lunge to headbutt its target. Its' core is exposed while it charges but is protected while it lunges.
The Scout spins its 4 tentacles around. Its' core is protected during this attack.
The Scout quickly charges an energized Orb and sets it right below itself. The Orb deals Damage to anyone who touches it and bursts after some time has passed, dealing Damage in a small AoE. The Orb will also Burst if the player walks into it. When two or more Orbs are on the field, the Orbs will create an energized beam that connects them. The beam deals Damage. If one of the Orbs burst, the beam will disappear. During this whole attack its core is protected.
Planting itself, the Scout charges up before discharging energy in a medium AoE around itself. Its core is protected during the charging and firing of this attack.
After having its weak spot hit twice while exposed, it will fall to the ground and deactivate. During this short time the Scout will not attack.
An ancient, bizzarely-shaped autonomous machine.
It is said that this was heavy-duty engineering equipment left behind by a nation that has been destroyed. The gear system on its "head" can grind its way through even the hardest bedrock. If this was the case, then carving out tunnels with which the forces of this nation might access the whole continent would have been a thing of great ease.
Glowing segments during the Bomb Barrage and Shockwave attacks.
Energy Drain: At the start of the fight, if the player's Lumenstone Adjuvant is equipped, its stored Energy will be reduced to 2.
Equipping the Lumenstone Adjuvant after the fight starts will bypass the Energy Drain.
Oozing Concretions: Burrows into the ground before resurfacing, creating 4 sources of Oozing Concretions at the corners of the arena. Oozing Concretions can be destroyed using the Blooming Light released by the player's Lumenstone Adjuvant.
Steamroll: Rolls its body on the ground in an arc, dealing 40% ATK as Physical DMG on contact. This attack cannot be evaded with dash i-frames.
Charge and Drill: Charges towards the player and burrows, dealing 30% ATK as Physical DMG on contact. It then resurfaces and plants its drill into the ground, dealing 70% ATK as AoE Physical DMG. The charge cannot be evaded with dash i-frames.
Vortex: Burrows and resurfaces, creating a large Vacuum Field that sucks players towards the center while dealing 10% ATK as Physical DoT. It then burrows and resurfaces once more at the center of the arena, dealing 70% ATK as AoE Physical DMG.
Bomb Barrage: Charges by drawing power from the Oozing Concretions, before shooting a barrage of projectiles at the player, each dealing 40% ATK if two sources were absorbed or 30% ATK if a single source was absorbed as Physical DMG on hit.
Shockwave: Charges by drawing power from the Oozing Concretions, before releasing a massive blast downwards, dealing 200% ATK if two sources were absorbed or 100% ATK if a single source was absorbed as AoE Physical DMG.
During Bomb Barrage and Shockwave, the Ruin Serpent will expose 4 weak points in the form of its glowing segments. A segment will be broken once hit, indicated by smoke and electric spark effects.
During Bomb Barrage or Shockwave, destroying all Oozing Concretion sources that the Ruin Serpent is attempting to absorb or destroying all of its segments will temporarily paralyze it. Any broken segments will be repaired once the Ruin Serpent recovers from a paralyzed state.
Passive does not proc on shielded enemies
When a character with multiple charges of their Elemental Skill procs the sacrificial passive, the Elemental Skill cooldown shown on the timer is the cooldown that will be reset.
The average ER gain from the Sacrificial passive has decreasing returns from increasing refinement
The passive can proc even if the Elemental Skill is not on cooldown
There are certain specific skills that can't proc the passive, despite being considered Elemental Skill DMG, namely Sayu hold E Roll, Anemo Traveler hold E Cutting DMG, Mona A1 and Keqing C1
Hilichurls especially gifted in commanding the elements who often reach the zenith of their skill in their twilight years. Their ability to command the flowing winds stems from dark, forgotten memories.
All samachurls have +40% (50% total) resistance to their own Element.
A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that spreads the message of Anemo.
If the player gets too close, it will charge for a brief moment then strike the player with its staff. This attacks has very high knockback, able of scoring a home run.
Summons 3 tornados that will rotate around, seeking the player.
Summons a ground field that will pull the player towards the center continuously.
A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that calls upon the bite of Cryo.
If the player gets too close, it will charge for a brief moment then strike the player with its staff. This attacks has very high knockback, able of scoring a home run.
Creates one or more pillars under itself and its allies. The pillar may be broken by Pyro or blunt attacks.
Summons a stalagmite at the player's feet multiple times in a row. This attack has a slight delay with an indicator to help dodge it.
A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that awakens the might of Dendro.
If the player gets too close, it will charge for a brief moment then strike the player with its staff. This attacks has very high knockback, able of scoring a home run.
Summons multiple barricades of vines, composed of Dendro, which may be destroyed from burning via Pyro.
Creates a ground field that will continuously infuse the player inside it with Dendro.
A wizened, mumbling Hilichurl, one that prays to Electro.
If the player gets too close, it will charge for a brief moment then strike the player with its staff. This attacks has very high knockback, able of scoring a home run.
Summons a lightning strike. At the location of impact a totem will be summoned.
Briefly creates an electricity circle around itself multiple times. If there are any totems on field they will mirror this field.
A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that listens to the strength of Geo.
If the player gets too close, it will charge for a brief moment then strike the player with its staff. This attacks has very high knockback, able of scoring a home run.
Creates one or more pillars under itself and its allies. The pillar may be broken by Geo or blunt attacks.
Summons a stalagmite at the player's feet multiple times in a row. This attack has a slight delay with an indicator to help dodge it.
While there are pillars on field, it will cause them to pulse in a cicle around themselves.
A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that chants of the power of Hydro..
If the player gets too close, it will charge for a brief moment then strike the player with its staff. This attacks has very high knockback, able of scoring a home run.
Summons a water droplet at the player's feet multiple times in a row. This attack has a slight delay with an indicator to help dodge it.
Summons a field of rain that will heal and apply wet to enemies inside it.
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Normals, Charged Attack, Bake-Kurage ticks: 1U
Burst Cast: 2U
NA follows standard ICD (3-hit/2.5s)
CA has no ICD
NA and CA don't share ICD counter.
E has no ICD
NA: 6 tiles
E Radius: 2.5 tiles
Normal Attack Mechanics
Kokomi's normal attacks hit in a small AoE.
Kokomi N2 Delay Bug
Kokomi N2 sometimes gets a delay when doing N2 walk cancels.
Frame counts: Google Doc
Could be detrimental to her role as a Beidou driver and make her lose procs. Dash cancels and jump cancels seem to mitigate this problem. There is no consistent pattern on when this delay will happen, it is essentially random.
Kokomi's E snapshots.
If Bake-Kurage disappears before its final tick hits an enemy, the game will not check for Particle production on that hit.
Kokomi is limited to one Bake-Kurage on-field at a time.
Kokomi's E snapshots, but does not resnapshot upon Q cast when refreshing the Bake-Kurage duration and the damage dynamically changes while Q is active.
00:08 - proof of snapshot
00:29 - Bake-Kurage damage changes upon Q cast
00:53 - Bennett ATK buff remained snapshotted even after E timer refresh (as shown by the final tick at around 01:16)
01:28 - prematurely switching out of Kokomi during her Q results in Bake-Kurage bonus DMG from Q going away
The Bake-Kurage damage bonus when Q is active does not get snapshotted by Bake-Kurage and
Kokomi E spawn has a fixed range.
Kokomi's Bake-Kurage only heals the active character and if they are within the Bake-Kurage's AoE
If Kokomi dies, Bake-Kurage still remains on-field dealing damage.
Bake-Kurage healing has infinite vertical range.
Bake-Kurage alone cannot cause infusion or be swirled off of.
Infinite Jellyfish Extension
While Kokomi's E does not normally snapshot the damage bonus from her Q, it is possible to snapshot it by casting E, being in Q, and swapping off before the first tick of the E. Using a simple application of this, it is possible to maintain 100% uptime on the Q bonus for E just by timing your rotations.
Who doesn't love some obscure Kokomi tech.
Kokomi Skill triggers artifact effects even when interrupted
Kokomi can trigger artifact effects, such as 4-Piece Heart of Depth, Shimenawa's Reminiscence, and Crimson Witch of Flames, when getting interrupted during casting of E, even when the Bake-Kagure doesn't spawn and E doesn't go on cooldown.
4pc Heart of Depth
Unbuffed N1 damage is 1120: Imgur
After casting E and getting interrupted, buff arrows appear, and N1 does 1297: Imgur
4pc Shimenawa's Reminiscence: Imgur
Unbuffed N1 damage is 243.
After casting E and getting interrupted, buff arrows appear, Energy is consumed, and N1 does 312.
4pc Crimson Witch of Flames: Imgur
Kokomi has 15% Pyro DMG Bonus before cast.
After casting E and getting interrupted, Kokomi has 22.5% Pyro DMG Bonus.
Can have higher Artifact set effect uptime and stacks, but at the cost of getting interrupted and not summoning Bake-Kurage.
The DMG Bonus from her Burst can be extended if an attack is buffered right before her Burst duration ends.
Kokomi cannot absorb pre-fed Particles during her Elemental Burst animation
Snapshot Burst DMG Bonus onto Bake-Kurage by switching
Bake-Kurage can snapshot the DMG Bonus from Kokomi's Burst if Kokomi switches immediately after casting Kurage's Oath.
Kokomi Burst -> Kokomi Skill -> immediate switch (snapshot successful): Imgur
Kokomi Burst -> Kokomi Skill -> N1 into switch (snapshot successful): Imgur
Kokomi Burst -> Kokomi Skill -> delayed switch (snapshot failed): Imgur
Kokomi Skill at end of Burst mode vs. multiple enemies (snapshot successful): Imgur
Kokomi Skill at end of Burst mode vs. a single enemy (snapshot successful): Imgur
This can potentially change Kokomi's Burst rotations due to the ability to snapshot and keep the Bake-Kurage DMG Bonus even after her Burst duration ends.
Kokomi Q Does Not Resnapshot
The previous wording in Basic Mechanics is wrong, Kokomi's E does not resnapshot upon Q cast, but does gain additional damage from her Q.
Video 1 by
Video 2 by
Understanding game mechanics and keeping the TCL accurate.
Kokomi A1 Description is Misleading
Sangonomiya Kokomi's Ascension 1 talent, Tamanooya's Casket, is misleadingly worded. In the character description, it states that "If Sangonomiya Kokomi's own Bake-Kurage is on the field when she uses Nereid's Ascension, the Bake-Kurage's duration will be refreshed", which implies it has to only be on-field the frame she uses Nereid's Ascension, however this is incorrect. The actual refresh timing requires the jellyfish to be on field the frame her Burst animation finishes, or else you will lose the refresh.
Original: Credits to Zenera for the theory.
Through watching this video a good amount of times over the last few months, between 7:36 and 8:46, as well as playing Kokomi during the test run and on friends' accounts, it added evidence that her A1 description is incorrect and should be "...after Nereid's Ascension animation ends...". So, what is the correct timing and way to interpret the description?
Kokomi's Burst animation lasts 75 frames, which is around 1.25 seconds (at 60 FPS). Her jellyfish duration is 12 seconds with a 20s cooldown. However, the jellyfish does not end directly on the 8 second mark of the cooldown, but rather, somewhere between 7.65 and 7.6 seconds, through www.watchframebyframe.com (though I unfortunately lost the video). If you take 7.65 (the "safe zone") and add the 1.25 seconds of the Burst animation, (7.65 + 1.25), that would equal 8.9 seconds, matching the optimal "cutoff" time in the referenced video (It does state the first few frames of the 8.8 second mark is possible, albeit not reliable) Additionally, if it started from the frame Nereid's Ascension was casted, jellyfish uptime would also be shortened by 1.25 seconds, which is not the current case.
Affects Kokomi jellyfish rotations that retain 100% uptime, especially with the Burst snapshot technique than what was previously thought.
Evidence for Dynamic Kokomi's Burst & A4
Kokomi's Burst and A4 Passive are dynamic.
Using Heal Bonus food: Imgur
Using HP% Food: Imgur
Methodology for Testing used was Q - CA - consume HP or HB food - CA
Coop with c4 yelan maybe? Perhaps when we get future characters who buff HP and/or HB in a delayed fashion.
A1: Tamanooya's Casket
The Bake-Kurage Duration refresh from A1 does not refresh Heart of Depths 4-Piece passive, because it does not count as a "using an Elemental Skill".
A4: Song of Pearls
The effects of A4 cannot get extended by buffering an attack right before her Burst duration ends.
C1: At Water's Edge
Kokomi's C1 has no ICD and isn't shared with her Normal Attacks and
C2: The Clouds Like Waves Rippling
Kokomi C2 Clarification
Kokomi C2 is applied as flat healing, similar to Yun Jin and Shenhe with damage. It is not applied to the heal bonus part of calculations, as the description makes it sound like.
Clarifies Kokomi C2 as a flat heal, which is affected by heal bonuses and incoming heals.
The Divine Priestess of Watatsumi Island. All of the island's affairs are at this young lady's fingertips.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Pearl of Wisdom
Kokomi Video Guide
During her Elemental Burst, Ceremonial Garment.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Kokomi's Normal Attacks:
Apply Hydro and share standard ICD.
Have a range of ~6 tiles before it stops auto-targeting.
Hit in a small AoE.
Kokomi's 2nd Normal Attack sometimes has a delay before it comes out. This delay is inconsistent, but can usually be mitigated by performing Dash or Jump cancel.
Kokomi's Charged Attack applies Hydro and has no ICD.
Kokomi's Low/High Plunge Attacks apply Hydro and have no ICD.
During her Elemental Burst, Ceremonial Garment.
Does a 0~1 (1:2) check once on every instance of damage Bake-Kurage does as long as it stays on the field.
If Bake-Kurage disappears before its final tick hits an enemy, the game will not check for Particle production on that hit.
Bake-Kurage's range has a radius of ~2.5 tiles.
Kokomi is limited to one Bake-Kurage on-field at a time.
Bake-Kurage snapshots on Kurage's Oath cast and does not resnapshot upon Nereid's Ascension triggering the duration refresh effect from her Ascension 1.
In most cases, the damage bonus from Ceremonial Garment is a dynamic stat and thus does not get snapshot by Bake-Kurage. However, if Kokomi immediately switches after casting Kurage's Oath, the damage bonus from Ceremonial Garment is snapshot by Bake-Kurage.
Casting Kurage's Oath, even when interrupted, will still trigger Artifact set effects that trigger on Elemental Skill cast.
Tech: It is possible to snapshot the damage bonus from Nereid's Ascension for Bake-Kurage by casting E, being in Q, and swapping off before the first tick of the E. Using a simple application of this, it is possible to maintain 100% uptime on the Q bonus for E just by timing your rotations.
The DMG Bonus from Ceremonial Garment can be extended if an attack is buffered right before her Nereid's Ascension duration ends.
The Normal Attack/Charged Attack/Bake-Kurage DMG Bonus are all dynamic.
However, if Kokomi immediately switches after casting Q, the DMG bonus from Ceremonial Garment will be snapshotted by her E.
Kokomi cannot absorb pre-fed Particles during her Elemental Burst animation.
The Bake-Kurage Duration refresh from A1 does not refresh Heart of Depths 4-Piece passive, because it does not count as a "using an Elemental Skill"
The actual refresh timing requires the Bake-Kurage to be on field the frame her Burst animation finishes, or else you will lose the refresh.
The effects of Song of Pearls cannot get extended by buffering an attack right before her Burst duration ends.
The Swimming Fish from At Water's Edge does not have ICD and isn't shared with her Normal Attack string.
This effect is considered flat healing, it is not applied to the heal bonus part of calculations.
Full Talent Values
Basic Sayu Mechanics
New frame data - Google Sheets
Windwheel roll: 1GU Anemo
Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick generates 2 Anemo Particles.
Windwheel Roll generates 1 Particle per proc with a 3s ICD for Particle generation.
Deprecated frame data
Sayu can do a hold E into an instant kick for 3 Particles
Sayu's Particle generation timer on roll does not reset after E is finished.
Sayu's Roll doesn't Shatter
Tap E and Burst don't Shatter (Cast damage and Daruma damage).
Sayu's roll is affected by movement speed buffs.
Sayu's roll snapshots 1 2
Sacrificial does not proc on hold E Windwheel hits, it can only proc on Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick
Sayu's Elemental Skill can be used at 0 stamina, and does not consume nor gain any stamina during the roll.
Absorption Priority is: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
If Sayu gets Frozen while rolling, she will still deal Windwheel damage
Sayu is capable of ice bridging if her roll is infused with Cryo.
Sayu's Hold E follows standard ICD (3-hit/2.5s)
Sayu has separate ICD on Anemo application for her Windwheel Roll and Whirlwind Kick.
Sayu Hold E can be cancelled out of by...
Sayu's E roll keeps on rolling if you want to answer or write a message. Finally a way to perform "autowalk". Works in coop as well.
Sayu's roll E kick performs autotarget during unroll.
Sayu's roll continues during cinematics.
Sayu's kick onto a crystal ore will make it require only 3 more hits rather than 4.
Sayu Release Of Hold Skill Counts As Using Elemental Skill
Ending a continuous Hold Skill (Sayu or Yelan hE as examples) by tapping E is considered "Using an Elemental Skill" for the sake of 4-Piece Crimson Witch Pyro damage bonus. Letting the Skill end naturally does not.
Sayu Hold Skill (release)
Yelan Hold Skill (release)
Sayu Hold Skill (full duration)
Continuous Hold Skills have higher potential synergy with effects which stack based on "using an Elemental Skill" as they can stack it twice.
Sayu can absorb pre-fed Particles during her Elemental Burst animation
Works for both Tap and Hold E
The summoned Daruma can be pushed around by characters or enemies, also moving its healing/attack range. and
Sayu's Elemental Burst snapshots.
Sayu's Elemental Burst can reach Venti's ult & hit consistently.
The Daruma works the same way as Guoba
Doesn't light up in Elemental sight, is movable, cannot get infused, etc.
Sayu's Burst has separate ICD on her Burst's initial hit and Daruma damage ticks
The summoned Daruma deals 7 ticks of Anemo Damage in a small AoE
The Daruma Damage ticks follow standard ICD
This means Sayu can Swirl 5 times during her Burst (1 from cast + 4 from Daruma)
Sayu Partywide Initial Q Tick
Sayu's initial Q tick heals all party members.
Note Q doesn't have anything to Swirl in the video, meaning this isn't A1 activating (which is known to be party-wide).
Also note the other Q ticks aren't party-wide, only the initial one is.
Better understanding of Sayu's healing.
Passive: Yoohoo Art: Silencer's Secret
Passive works even if Sayu is off-field
If entities are connected (like crystalflies), then picking them up will always scare the others
If entities do not care about the state of other beings, then picking it up next to another one won't startle them
Sayu's passive does not affect coop members - works only for your own party
Sayu C2 infused kick
The stated DMG increase of Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick from Sayu's C2 increases both Anemo Kick Hold DMG and Absorbed Element Kick DMG, by 3.3% every .5s tick
Using a Sayu with 80/80 R1 Sac GS, no artifacts (713 ATK, 72 em), talent level 1 Skill
In the first video, Sayu rolls at 24s, kicks at 26s, and the resulting ~2s roll deals 752 Anemo and 263 Pyro.
In the second video, Sayu rolls at 8s, kicks at 18s, and the resulting ~max length roll deals 1137 Anemo and 398 Pyro.
Rough napkin maths:
base Anemo hold kick DMG: 716
base absorbed Element kick DMG: 251
2 roll ticks Anemo hold kick DMG: 716 (1 + 2 0.033) = 763
2 roll ticks abs elem kick DMG: 251 (1 + 2 0.033) = 267
20 roll ticks Anemo hold kick DMG: 716 (1 + 20 0.033) = 1188
20 roll ticks abs elem kick DMG: 251 (1 + 20 0.033) = 416
A pint-sized ninja attached to the Shuumatsuban, who always seems sleep-deprived.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Windwheel Roll and Whirlwind Kick Damage aren't blunt and thus won't Shatter.
Windwheel Roll and Whirlwind Kick Damage snapshot.
The Energy generated by Windwheel Roll only works on the hold version, tap version is disabled; Energy generated by the kick is unchanged.
Windwheel Roll has a 3s ICD for Energy generation.
Windwheel Roll's Absorption Priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo.
Whirlwind Kick and Windwheel Roll have separate ICDs.
Sacrificial does not proc on Windwheel Roll hits, it can only proc on Whirlwind Kick hit
If Sayu gets Frozen while rolling, she will still deal Windwheel Roll damage
Sayu is capable of ice bridging if her Windwheel Roll is infused with Cryo.
Windwheel Roll is affected by movement speed buffs.
Hold E Windwheel Roll can be used at 0 stamina, and does not consume nor gain any stamina during the roll.
Ending a continuous Fuufuu Windwheel state by tapping E is considered "Using an Elemental Skill" for the sake of 4-Piece Crimson Witch Pyro DMG Bonus. Letting the Fuufuu Windwheel state end naturally does not.
The summoned Daruma can be pushed around by characters or enemies, also moving its healing/attack range.
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry snapshots.
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry has separate ICD on the initial hit on cast and Muji-Muji Daruma Damage ticks.
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry's initial tick heals all party members, but Muji-Muji Daruma ticks do not.
Passive works even if Sayu is off-field.
If entities are connected (like crystalflies), then picking them up will always scare the others.
If entities do not care about the state of other beings, then picking it up next to another one won't startle them.
Sayu's passive does not affect coop members - works only for your own party.
The DMG increase of Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick from Egress Prep increases both Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick Hold DMG and Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick Elemental DMG.
Full Talent Values
Separate Scaling Characters
Charts for targeting Attributes seen in the game which explore alternative attributes that empower characters in different ways.
Link to Document
These Charts will help Travelers identify what Attributes to maximize when collecting Artifacts with less than ideal substats, or to fully embrace Artifacts with main stats for alternative builds to take advantage of nuanced Skills unlocked from your characters through Ascension passives or Constellations.
Characters without alternate scaling
Separate Scaling Characters
Link to Document
These Charts will help Travelers identify what Attributes to maximize when collecting Artifacts with less than ideal substats, or to fully embrace Artifacts with main stats for alternative builds to take advantage of nuanced Skills unlocked from your characters through Ascension passives or Constellations. It's pretty clear that you want most damage-dealers in your party to maximize CRIT DMG and CRIT Rate with an appropriate amount of ATK, but this guide reveals what other Attributes you can build towards with a character when attempting to maximize a certain stat other than ATK or CRIT (like Noelle or Albedo with DEF or Mona with ER for DPS and Barbara with HP for healing effectiveness, as examples). Characters not present in any of these Charts (meaning they have no other alternative Attribute builds other than traditional ATK + CRIT for DPS) are Lisa, Razor, Diluc, Venti, Xiao, Eula.
The finding that Lisa, Razor, Diluc, Venti, Xiao, and Eula do not have any alternative Attribute Scaling based in their kits, means that they're technically less F2P friendly (because they do not rely on additional Attributes and can use Artifacts with sub-optimal substats less easily) and are also considered slightly more one-dimensional in how they're played and built.
The Temple of Silence's heir. Burdened with secrets, he comes from the sands.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Full Talent Values
New frame data - Google Sheets, &
New Burst frame data Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data - Google Sheets
Q: 75 - Video
Gauges - Video
Tap E: 1U
Hold E: 2U
Q Initial: 1U
Q DoT: 1U
NA: Standard. - Video
Q: Intiial Hit and DoT have separate ICDs. DoT is standard ICD - Video
Particles - Video
Tap: 3 (-)
Hold: 4 (-)
Quill Stacks are Calculated as Additive Base DMG Bonus - Video / Calcs
Initial Tap E Factors in her A4 - Video / Calcs
The Skill Itself Consumes Quill Stacks - Video / Calcs
Multiple usages of Shenhe's E only refresh Icy Quill stacks and its version of A4 buff duration
Icy Quills are Dynamic - Video
Shenhe's Quill stacks can get dynamically added onto ongoing/existing snapshotted abilities - Video 1 / Video 2
Anemo Abilities with Cryo Absorbed Consume Quill Stacks - Video
Additionally, Cryo Swirls don't consume Quill Stacks
When you trigger Quill procs on a snapshot ability, it uses the snapshotted stats. - Video
Shenhe press E does not have hitlag - Video
Shenhe tap E is capable of escaping Mirror Maiden's cage. Hold E however, is not - Video
Icy quills are used up even if no damage is dealt to an enemy when they have a shield - Video
Icy quills increase the damage dealt to shields by around 15 to 20% (excluding Cryo)
Video w/o Quills
Video w/ Quills
Using Shenhe's Hold E on an explosive barrel doesn't get her knocked back - Video
It makes her immune to all staggers and knockbacks
Shenhe E has no ICD
Shenhe does not have ICD.
Evidence: Video / Video #2
Quills Don't Work on Balloons
Shenhe's quills don't work and aren't spent when attacking commission balloon with Cryo.
Understanding of quill mechanics.
Cooldown Starts on Q Press | Duration Timer Starts after the Animation - Video
Energy Consumption is on Q Press - Video
Initial hit is Dynamic. DoT Snapshots. - Video 1 / Video 2
DoT snapshots ATK Buffs and 2-Piece Noblesse but not Shenhe A1
DoT snapshots somewhere in the middle of Q animation, not on cast
Burst does not have enough i-frames for explosive barrel immunity - Video
Shenhe's Burst shred persists 2 seconds after Burst ends - Video
Shenhe C2 extends the shred as well. - Video
A1: Deific Embrace
A1 is dynamic and changes as the character enters and exits the Shenhe Q Field - Video
A4: Spirit Communion Seal
A4 Buff Duration are Independent - Video
C1: Clarity of Heart
The charges refreshes Shenhe stacks based on the latest type of Elemental Skill cast (tap/hold). You do not gain more stacks than the latest cast type cap, nor do you gain more damage per quill. Energy generation does not have a cooldown, so you can double cast consecutively to gain Energy faster. - Video
The cooldowns of each Skill stack, and it keeps track of the order used. - Video / Video 2
In the first video we have hold E > hold E. There is a 15s CD that starts with the first hE, then a full 15s after that for the next Skill use. In the second video we have hE > press, which shows the 15s CD > 10s CD.
C2: Centered Spirit
The Cryo damage bonus from Shenhe's A1 and CRIT DMG buff from her C2 linger a bit after her Burst animation ends. - Video
Shenhe C4 Mechanics
Shenhe E consumes a Quill, however the first E cast does not give the initial E a C4 stack and instead counts towards the next E; C4 stacks are gained after the damage has been dealt and not before.
Press E: YouTube video
Hold E: YouTube video
Better understanding of Shenhe's C4 mechanics.
Shenhe E applies A4 buff fast enough to buff Eula's Lightfall explosion via the "swap trick". - Video
Oscillation Tests on Prominent Body Regions of Shenhe's Model from Various Attacks
Basic Mechanics Discussion
These slow-motioned clips show that Shenhe's Gluteal Region does not exhibit oscillation after doing any of her attacks, dissimilar to Eula. Meanwhile, the Pectusculum Region manifests this phenomenon with almost all of her attacks with the exception of her N5, although this could be an error on my part with my visual analysis and/or camera positioning. Timestamps can be found in the video description.
An adepti disciple with a most unusual air about her. Having spent much time cultivating in isolation in Liyue's mountains, she has become every bit as cool and distant as the adepti themselves.
The Divine Damsel of Devastation: A Shenhe Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Icy Quill damage increase is calculated as Additive Base DMG Bonus.
Initial damage on Press factors in Spirit Communion Seal (A4).
Spring Spirit Summoning itself consumes an Icy Quill stack
Multiple usages of Spring Spirit Summoning only refresh Icy Quill stacks and the respective version of Spirit Communion Seal's (A4) buff duration.
Icy Quill are Dynamic.
Icy Quill stacks can get dynamically added onto ongoing/existing snapshotted abilities.
Anemo Abilities with Cryo absorbed consume Icy Quill stacks.
Additionally, Cryo Swirls don't consume Icy Quill stacks
Triggering Icy Quill on a snapshot ability uses the snapshotted stats.
Spring Spirit Summoning (Press) does not have hitlag.
Spring Spirit Summoning (Press) is capable of escaping Mirror Maiden's cage. Spring Spirit Summoning (Hold) however, is not.
Icy Quill stacks are used up even if no damage is dealt to an enemy (when they have a shield).
Icy Quill stacks increase the damage dealt to shields (excluding Cryo) by ~15 to 20% .
Spring Spirit Summoning (Hold) makes Shenhe immune to all staggers and knockbacks for its animation duration.
Icy Quill stacks are not consumed when used on Slime balloons.
Damage ticks twice every 2 seconds
Cooldown Starts on press.
Duration timer starts after the animation.
Energy Consumption is on press.
DoT snapshots ATK Buffs and 2-Piece Noblesse but not Shenhe's Deific Embrace (A1).
RES Shred persists 2 seconds after Divine Maiden's Deliverance ends.
Divine Maiden's Deliverance does not have enough i-frames for explosive barrel immunity.
Deific Embrace is dynamic and changes as the character enters and exits the Divine Maiden's Deliverance field.
Buff durations for Spring Spirit Summoning (Press) and Spring Spirit Summoning (Hold) are independent.
The charges refreshes Icy Quill stacks based on the latest type of Spring Spirit Summoning cast (Press/Hold).
The CRIT DMG buff shortly lingers after Divine Maiden's Deliverance ends.
Stacks are gained after the damage has been dealt .
Full Talent Values
The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses..
Shield Hilichurl Guard
Hilichurl warriors who have wooden shields. These shields are not only sturdy defensive tools but also treasured items within the tribe. According to many reports, hilichurls will often charge at travelers making camp to cook and will snatch their pot lids after chasing them away.
Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard
Hilichurl warriors who have wooden shields. These shields are not only sturdy defensive tools but also treasured items within the tribe. According to many reports, hilichurls will often charge at travelers making camp to cook and will snatch their pot lids after chasing them away.
Uses a Dendro hand Shield&Club. Both can be burnt using Pyro, losing them in the process. The wooden shield can also be destroyed by dealing enough damage.
Swings its club at the player. If the club is burnt, it will swing using its claws instead.
Blocks attacks in the way of its shields. Attacks from the side and back can still go through. If the shield is burnt, it will be unable to perform this attack.
Geo Shield Hilichurl Guard
Hardy hilichurls who have congregated in a region where Geo energies are abundant. Their impregnable shields have layers of rocky growths on them.
Uses a Geo hand Shield&Club. The shield can be destroyed using Geo or blunt attacks, or dealing enough damage to it.
Swings its club at the player.
Blocks attacks in the way of its shields. Attacks from the side and back can still go through. If the shield is destroyed, it will be unable to perform this attack.
Ice Shield Hilichurl Guard
Hilichurls display a strong sense of adaptability to their surroundings. In icy environments, they come up with ways and means to fashion this hard ice into shields to protect themselves.
Uses a Cryo hand shield and club. The shield can be destroyed using Pyro or blunt attacks, or dealing enough damage to it.
Swings its club at the player.
Blocks attacks in the way of its shields. Attacks from the side and back can still go through. If the shield is destroyed, it will be unable to perform this attack.
Shield And I-Frame Interactions
Gaining i-frames by dashing through enemy attacks will allow both your unit and their shield to take no damage, but using an Elemental Burst to gain i-frames will only make your unit took no damage, while their shield will still take damage. As of version 3.2, shields would not take any damage if character is in i-frame.
Better knowledge of how to preserve shields and how shields interact with i-frames.
Damage Reduction Applies Before Shields Are Calculated
Damage reduction applies before shields are calculated.
Shields are more effective on characters with high defense.
How Elemental Shields having 250% Absorption Bonus to said Element Work
E/N: Submission demonstrates the above mentioned effect using the example of Diona but this also holds true for other similar character-generated shields.
With Cryo Absorption Bonus, Diona takes 2.5 points of Cryo Damage for every 1 point of Shield HP lost.
My original math is in the description of the video. YouTube
Other shield effectiveness is not accounted for, but it stands to reason that they work the same way. We can both say that a shield has 2.5x of its current value, or the damage is reduced by 2.5x, against it's effective Element.
A look into how Character Shields work as well as maximizing Shield
Effectiveness vs Elemental Attacks.
Taking advantage of Character Shields is a way to mitigate a portion of the damage received, as well as add knockback resistance, allowing your character to attack freely for the duration of the Shield.
We will take a look at how different Shield interactions work, as well as utilizing different methods to increase Shield Strength.
How Shields Absorb Hits
The way Shields absorb hits is fairly simple. If a Hilichurl hits you for 1000 DMG, and you cast a Shield that has 4000 Base Absorption, the Shield will block 4 hits from the Hilichurl. However, Shields can simultaneously break and cause you to sustain damage within a single hit. For example, if your Shield's Base Absorption was actually 3500 instead of 4000, your Shield will fully absorb 3 hits and only half of the fourth, causing you to take 500 damage.
Damage Reduction Applies to Hits Before Shield HP is Deducted. Damage Reduction Stacks Additively. The Higher Damage Reduction is, the Higher the Shield Effectiveness is.
Shield Base Absorption
Shield Base Absorption is how much damage your shield is capable of absorbing Without external Shield Buffs. We will refer to Base Absorption as BA from now on.
To calculate Shield BA, simply head over to your Shield Talent and take a look at Shield BA. For example, at Talent 6, Xinyan's Level-one Shield has a 146.55% DEF + 793 so if her DEF=500 then her Shield BA=(1.4655500)+793. However, Shield BA is not Total Shield Absorption.
Shield Strength Bonuses
There are multiple ways to increase how much damage your Shield absorbs without directly affecting the Talent Value. Before we get into how Shield Strength Bonuses work, we must know the following:
All Shields have an innate 250% Bonus Absorption towards their Element. For example, If I cast a Pyro Shield, or obtain one through Crystallize, the shield has an innate 250% Bonus Shield Absorption towards Pyro attacks.
So now that we know that, our Total Shield Strength will be
(BA)(2.5 For same Element)(1.5 For Geo Shields)(1+Total Shield Bonuses from external sources)
Diona is a special case that we will look at later down below.
Note: Shield Strength Bonuses only apply to active characters.
You may be wondering "What happens if I lose my Shield Strength Bonuses AFTER all my Shield BA runs out?" Well you retain some Shield Strength.
The Shield generated through Crystallize always matches the Elemental Aura of the Crystallize Reaction. These Shield last for 15 seconds and their BA is based off of the Level of the Geo Character that caused Crystallize.
The Geo Character's Elemental Mastery increases Crystallize Shield's Strength by a multiplier. The higher the Elemental Mastery, the stronger the Shield gets.
External Shield Strength Bonuses, such as 2 Piece Retracing Bolide, apply to Crystallize Shields like any other Shields.
Do Shields Stack?
The answer is No, Shields Don't stack. For Example, Casting a Shield that has 1000 BA, then casting a Shield with 500 BA will not grant you a total of 1500 BA. What actually happens is that the two Shields take damage simultaneously and the Shield with 500 BA will Break before the 1000 BA one.
Diona's Shield Strength works in a way that's different than other shields. The Total Shield Value for Diona is (BA)(1.75)(2.5)(1.15)(1+Total Shield Bonuses From Other Sources).
1.75= Hold Skill for Icy Paws
2.5= Innate Bonus vs Cryo Attacks
The reason for this is currently unknown.
Xingqiu's Elemental Skill, Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen, at Talent Level 6, provides 25% +20% of Xingqiu Bonus Hydro Damage as Damage Reduction. For instance, if you have 65.8% Bonus Hydro Damage on Xingqiu, your Damage Reduction will be 38.16% of incoming damage, meaning a 100 hit will deal 62 damage.
Beidou's Elemental Burst, Stormbreaker, grants Beidou a 26% Damage Reduction at Talent level 6, which works the same way as Xingqiu's Damage Reduction. However, when combined with her C1, which grants her a Shield that absorbs 16% of Beidou's Max HP, the Shield Effectiveness is actually higher than 16%. This is due to the fact that Damage Reduction applies before Shield Strength is affected.
PS: Damage Reduction is only increased by other Damage Reduction sources, and not by Shield Strength increases.
Elemental Skill: Tidecaller
Constellation 1: Sea Beast's Scourge
Elemental Skill: Icy Paws
Constellation 4: Frozen Kiss
Elemental Skill: Breastplate
Ascension Talent: Devotion
Weapon Passive: Rebellious Guardian
Elemental Skill: Sweeping Fervor
Constellation 2: Impromptu Opening
Constellation 4: Supreme Amnesty
Elemental Skill: Dominus Lapidus
Constellation 2: Stone, the Cradle of Jade
Genshin Impact Wiki
Frame data - Google Sheets
NA: 1U. - Video
E (any amount of stacks): 2U. - Video - milk tea
CA: None. - Video
Tap E: None. - Video
Q: Both parts snapshot. - Video
Heizous Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst do not Shatter. - Video - Magnus
Heizou's Normal Attack, Charged Attack, and Elemental Skill can damage ores and Geo Constructs of enemies. His Elemental Burst can't. - Video 1 - Video 2 - Video 3
Heizou's N1C can dragon strike. - Video
When swapping out of CA, it's slightly faster to N1 cancel into a swap than doing it normally. - Video
Heizou can't cut wood. - Video
The gauge for 4 stacks at C0 was 1U (bugged), but it's been patched and any amount of stacks applies 2U Anemo. - Video
Heizou's Declension stacks persist upon swap. - Video
Heizou keeps the Declension stacks obtained from holding Heartstopper Strike (Skill) even if he's interrupted while casting. This applies to getting knocked back, frozen, or trapped in a bubble. - Video
Heizou can get Declension stacks easily without Swirling by doing the following - Video
Hold his E, wait until it reaches 4 stacks
Immediately open the map before he casts his E, and teleport somewhere
Heizou's auracheck is independent for each target hit, so there is no priority unless a single-target has 2 auras. - Video
On Electro-Charged targets: Hydro > Electro
On Frozen targets: Hydro > Cryo
There is no damage cap for Iris Explosions. - Video
A1: Paradoxical Practice
Swirling objects doesn't give Heizou any Declension stacks. - Video
A young prodigy detective from the Tenryou Commission. His senses are sharp and his thoughts are clear.
Full Heizou Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
It is possible to dragon strike with N1C.
When swapping out of CA, it's slightly faster to N1 cancel into a swap than doing it normally.
Declension stacks persist when Heizou is swapped off or interrupted.
Heizou can get and keep Declension stacks by holding E and teleporting as soon as he reaches 4 stacks.
Windmuster Kick can't damage ores or enemy Geo Constructs, unlike Heizou's Normal Attack, Charged Attack, and Elemental Skill.
Windmuster Kick does not have a damage cap.
Swirling objects doesn't give Heizou any Declension stacks.
Full Talent Values
A mimetic life form made out of spores that has extreme adaptability.
Going well past mere appearances, this being even imitates the habits of birds. It can use its spore-built wings to fly in the sky, spreading yet more spores to yet more distant places.
This creature has a position of command amongst colonies of Fungi and exhibits heightened intelligence to match.
Cryoshrooms and Hydroshrooms have +20% RES to their own Element, at a total of 30%. Dendroshrooms have +10% RES to their own Element, at a total of 40% RES.
Things happening (not) at the same time
Simultaneous Reaction Priorities
Simultaneous reaction priority theory is an expansion of the Elemental Gauge Theory. The findings here have validated EGT and this presents a few practical uses of the findings. The EGT has been Critical in understanding what happens when simultaneous reactions occur.
Also as someone who programs, nothing really ever happens "at the same time"
Hail is absolutely correct. In reality, nothing is happening at the same time, however, what may appear to be a single event
might be many, and each with particular steps in its resolution. Simultaneous Reaction Priorities (SRP) examines exactly that,
events that occur within short periods of time and the steps and order in which they are resolved.
For example: Kazuha's Burst with an Element absorbed will apply both that Element and Anemo within a very short period of time.
A major focus of current SRP is in the interactions involving Kazuha's Burst with an Element absorbed. These interactions can be a bit
unintuitive. One might assume that there are only two possibilities, that the Anemo damage and Element is applied first or the
absorbed damage and Element is applied first, in all situations. However, this is not the case.
SRP is examined on a case by case basis. This document details our current knowledge on these interactions.
Lowly life forms of minimal intelligence, made from condensed elemental
All slimes are immune to their respective Element.
It is able to float in the air to a certain degree due to the power of Anemo.
Anemo Slimes at any level will instantly die if they take any damage during their airborne attacks.
Anemo slimes will bounce to move around while in combat. They will not attack the player from the point-blank range, but will instead move away from their target first. Upon distancing itself from the target they will jump up a bit and inflate before deflating to launch itself at their target. After completing the attack, it will immediately begin to move away again, preparing for the next attack.
Competitors once spread malicious rumors that the Dawn Winery used Cryo Slimes to control the temperature of their wine cellar and preserve the quality of their alcohol.
Upon entering combat, they will first distance themselves from their target. After reaching a "safe distance", they will move closer to hit their target by pouncing at it. After successfully completing the attack, they will retreat again.
It has also taken on the weaknesses of the Dendro element, and will burn intensely the moment it meets a bright flame.
When coming near it, it will hide underground. They will remain hidden until the player turns their back and walks away, in which case it'll take a peek for safety. If it's safe, it will relocate closer to the player's position, and if close enough it will attack the player with a pounce attack. If the player turns around during the peek or reposition, it will panic and run away from the player, going back to hiding. They can also be pushed out of hiding if they are either forcefully pulled out of the earth, or burnt with a Pyro attack. The Dendro Slime will be ignited for large amounts of damage when entering contact with Pyro aura. Once out of the ground, it will act like a normal slime, distancing it's self in order to attack the player with pounce attack.
According to analyses, the jumping of Electro Slimes reflects the electric potential difference in the ground. In areas brimming over with Electro, their unusual movements can be observed and used to avoid danger.
Upon entering combat, they will first distance themselves from their target. After reaching a "safe distance", they will move closer to hit their target by pouncing at it. After successfully completing the attack, they will retreat again.
Generally speaking, the crust of the earth is filled with Geo energy. Geo Slimes that are formed this way have a similarly "down-to-earth" sort of feeling.
Upon entering combat, they will first distance themselves from their target. After reaching a "safe distance", they will move closer to hit their target by pouncing at it. After successfully completing the attack, they will retreat again.
Legend has it that some people would use Hydro Slimes as an emergency water source, packing them in preparation for travels through dry regions or deep domains. But due to the high concentration of Hydro within these slimes, direct ingestion is, in fact, harmful to the human body.
Upon entering combat, they will first distance themselves from their target. After reaching a "safe distance", they will move closer to hit their target by pouncing at it. After successfully completing the attack, they will retreat again.
Its intelligence is very basic, but its uses are just as broad well, for hilichurls, that is.
Upon entering combat, they will first ignite themselves, then distance themselves from their target. After reaching a "safe distance", they will move closer to hit their target by pouncing at it. After successfully completing the attack, they will retreat again.
If defeated while ignited, it will explode after a short delay, dealing AoE Pyro damage.
When extinguished, a Pyro Slime may attempt to move away from its target to reignite, if given an opportunity during combat or after the battle ends.
Snapshot and Dynamic
Summons are Not Dynamic and Snapshot on Cast
Comfys Findings (Comfy)
Oz's damage with no Bennett's Ult: 1695 (no CRIT), 2879 (CRIT)
Oz's damage with Bennett's Ult: 2180 (no CRIT), 3705 (CRIT)
We know that Bennett's ATK buff refreshes, and thus if Oz was Dynamic, Fischl would need to stay inside the AoE in order to obtain Bennett's ATK buff. However even when Fischl exits (and thus losing ATK buff), Oz's damage remains the same.
Significance: All buffs are not applied to summon(s) if you cast the buffs AFTER the summon(s) is already on the field.
Editor's Note: The author did not submit an evidence/proof but accepted the entry as it is a very interesting take on the summons, that Xiangling Pyronado is counted in the same vein as Oz, a summon.
To add to Seaweed I tested this with Xiangling Pyronado along with c6 Diona Q. While its not that big of a surprise- pyronado shares the same attributes and acts as a summon therefore getting the 200 EM
Significance: Xiangling can take full advantage of Diona c6 200EM buff without having to be on the field with BOTH of her abilities. This is because both pyronado and gouba will get the 200 EM buff if summoned after Diona's Q. If running an XQ you can use dragonsbane on Xiangling to either: get extra damage on Vaporize, OR get a higher multiplier on Melt
Re-snapshot: Resummoning Oz while he's still active re-snaphots Oz based on Fischl's buffs
Significance: This means that you can potentially update Oz's snapshot to reflect any new buffs, however this also means that if you resummon Oz after losing buffs, Oz will become weaker if he was previously snapshotted with buffs.
Stats not in details stat page are not snapshot
In general, stats that are not in a Character's "Details" pane do not snapshot. However, the exception is that "Increases All DMG" effects do snapshot, except for the exceptions to this exception: Alley Hunter and Geo Resonance don't snapshot their "Increases All DMG".
Another exception is that Ganyu's A1 "snapshots", because the Frostflake Arrow generated when A1 is active is a completely different internal object than the Frostflake Arrow generated when A1 is inactive. (Additionally, it's not just CA CRIT Rate, because her uncharged CAs don't get the 20% CR buff).
The following stats snapshot:
CRIT Rate: From GeoMC C1 evidence
Elemental DMG%: See Mistsplitter stacks evidence
DMG%: Alley Flash, Serpent Spine , PJWS
Vape/Melt Reaction%: From 4CWF, From EM
The following stats were tested/known to not snapshot:
OL/EC/SC/Swirl%: From 4CWF (assumed to be the same for 4TF), From EM
Burst DMG%: From 4EoSF, From 2NO, another 2NO, Raiden E, Solar Pearl, and Stringless
Burst CRIT Rate: From The Catch
Skill DMG%: From Solar Pearl, and Stringless
Skill CRIT Rate: From Festering Desire
CA CRIT Rate: 4 Sojourners
CA DMG%: From 4SR, 4WT, Amos
DMG%: (usually snaps but these two do not) Alley Hunter, Geo Resonance
Electro CRIT DMG: From Sara C6
More extensive knowledge on what does and does not snapshot.
Healing over time is snapshot on cast
The amount of health healed is snapshot based on the user's stats at the time of activation
Evidence 1: Video
Barbara's Elemental Skill healing is based on her max HP. Barbara with a Twin Nephrite (CRIT Rate bonus) heals for 2204 HP per tick. After using the Skill, she switching to TTDS (hp% bonus), and the next tick is still 2204 HP.
Evidence 2: Video
Jean's Elemental Burst healing is based on her attack. Using an ER weapon and missing ATK% artifacts, each tick heals for 818 HP. Switching to Amenoma (ATK% bonus) and equipping artifacts with ATK% bonuses does not change the tick rate
Evidence 3: Video
Bennett's Elemental Burst healing is based on his max HP. Using Elemental Burst while missing artifacts tick for 2587 HP, equipping artifacts that give max HP% does not increase healing amount
Evidence 4: Video
Diona's Elemental Burst healing is based on her max HP. Using the Burst with 25568 HP and 4-Piece maiden's beloved healed for 3957 HP per tick, changing artifacts that reduced her max HP to 19392 (keeping maiden's 4-Piece) does not reduce the tick rate.
Evidence 5: Video
Qiqi's Elemental Skill healing over time is based on her attack. Using a level 1 Favonius sword then casting the Skill healed for 2065 HP, then changing to The Flute, an attack% weapon, did not change the tick amount.
Evidence 6: Video
The healing effectiveness stat from 2-Piece maiden's beloved also snapshots. Diona with 15591 max HP with 2-Piece maiden's ticks for 2453 HP, taking off one piece of maiden's beloved, which did not reduce her max HP but makes her lose the set bonus, does not change the healing ticks
Bonus - Noelle, Qiqi, and Barbara also have a healing-on-hit effect while their Elemental Skill is active. Do on-hit healing effects from active Skills snapshot?
Evidence S1: Video
Whiteblind grants Noelle 7.5% ATK and 7.5% DEF on-hit, and her on-hit healing scales on DEF. Here I use the Burst to ensure that she heals every hit. Each consecutive hit is shown to heal for an increasing amount, capping at hit 4 which corresponds to the max stacks of whiteblind. Noelle on-hit-healing does not snapshot on E activation.
Evidence S2: Video
Similarly, Prototype Rancour increases ATK and DEF every hit, and Qiqi's on-hit healing scales on ATK. Each consecutive hit heals for the exact same amount of health, meaning that Qiqi on-hit-healing snapshots on E activation.
Evidence S3: Video
Barbara on-hit healing from her Skill scales on maximum HP, so I equipped her with a level one Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers, activated her Skill, attacked an enemy, leveled the weapon, and attacked the same enemy again. She healed for 364 HP per hit before and after leveling the weapon, showing that Barbara on-hit healing snapshots on E activation.
Barbara and Qiqi Skills function extremely similarly, and their snapshotting mechanics also seems to be the same.
Mostly fluff, since you can't switch out weapons or artifacts in abyss/during combat. One practical use-case is when you have both Jean and Bennett in the same team, using Bennett Burst first followed by Jean's Burst will increase the amount of healing done by Dandelion Breeze, compared to the other way around.
Snapshot & Dynamic
Snapshot & Dynamic
Snapshot and Dynamic are properties assigned to Elemental Skills and Bursts that last over time. Talents that snapshot use the character's stats when cast, and will continue to use those stats regardless of buffs gained or lost in that timeframe after it is cast.
Dynamic talents continuously update their damage calculations based on the character's stats in real time.
Healing effects also snapshot based on the user's stats at the time of activation.
In general, stats that are not in a character's "Details" page do not snapshot. However, the exception is that "Increases All DMG" effects do snapshot, except for the exceptions to this exception: Alley Hunter, Fading Twilight, and Geo Resonance don't snapshot their "Increases All DMG".
Another exception is that Ganyu's A1 "snapshots", because the Frostflake Arrow generated when A1 is active is a completely different internal object than the Frostflake Arrow generated when A1 is inactive. (Additionally, it's not just CA CRIT Rate, because her uncharged CAs don't get the 20% CR buff).
Static Buffs either do not scale off any attribute or snapshots the attribute the buff scales off at cast time.
Dynamic Buffs update according to the attribute the buff scales off.
Direct Buffs do not change the stats of the character, and instead directly affect the damage output of the character after a snapshotting Skill/Burst is cast. These buffs include:
Ascension 4 Passive: Homuncular Nature - Elemental Mastery
Ascension 4 Passive: Kanten Senmyou Blessing - Cryo DMG Bonus
Constellation 2: Vitality Burst - Hydro DMG Bonus
Elemental Burst: Fantastic Voyage - ATK Bonus
Constellation 6: Fire Ventures With Me - Pyro DMG Bonus
Constellation 6: Cat's Tail Closing Time - Elemental Mastery Bonus
Ascension 4 Passive: Harmony between Heaven and Earth - Cryo DMG Bonus
Ascension 4 Passive: Flutter By - CRIT Rate
Constellation 4: Garden of Eternal Rest - CRIT Rate
Ascension 4 Passive: Poetics of Fuubutsu - Elemental DMG Bonus
Constellation 2: Yamaarashi Tailwind - Elemental Mastery
Constellation 6: Blazing Delight - Pyro DMG Bonus
Constellation 6: Sango Isshin - Hydro DMG Bonus
Elemental Skill: Tengu Stormcall - ATK Bonus
Constellation 6: Sin of Pride - Electro CRIT DMG
Constellation 4: Prophecy of Oblivion - CRIT Rate
Ascension 4 Passive: Strategic Reserve - Geo DMG Bonus
Elemental Burst: Sweeping Time - ATK Bonus
Constellation 6: Must Be Spotless - ATK Bonus
Elemental Skill: Transcendence: Baleful Omen - Elemental Burst DMG Bonus
Ascension 1 Passive: Regina Probationum - CRIT Rate
Ascension 4 Passive: Shadow Samaritan - CRIT Rate
Ascension 4 Passive: Spirit Communion Seal (Press) - Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG Bonus
Ascension 1 Passive: Catalyst Conversion - Elemental Mastery Bonus
Ascension 4 Passive: Mollis Favonius - Elemental Mastery Bonus
Constellation 1: Invincible Stonewall - CRIT Rate
Constellation 4: Hurricane of Freedom - Anemo DMG Bonus
Ascension 4 Passive: "...Now That's Rock 'N' Roll!" - Phys DMG Bonus
Ascension 4 Passive: Adapt With Ease - DMG Bonus
Elemental Skill: Spring Spirit Summoning - DMG Bonus of Cryo Attacks
Elemental Burst: Cliffbreaker's Banner - DMG Bonus of Normal Attacks
Elemental Skill: Transcendence: Baleful Omen - Elemental Burst DMG Bonus
Elemental Skill: Spring Spirit Summoning - DMG Bonus of Cryo Attacks
4th Ascension Passive: Spirit Communion Seal (Press) - Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG Bonus
Constellation 2: Centered Spirit - Cryo CRIT DMG
4-Piece Blizzard Strayer passive - CRIT Rate
Cryo Elemental Resonance (Shattering Ice) - CRIT Rate
Snapshot Timing Sheet
Dynamic Transformative Reactions
Transformative Reactions do not snapshot EM as of patch 1.4. Even if a Skill snapshots, their EM will update real time.
Transformative Reactions include: Overload, Superconduct, Electro-Charged, Shatter, Swirl, and Crystallize.
Fischl summons Oz outside of Bennett's Burst. Oz deals 920 Electro damage and 1870 on Overloads. Sucrose shares EM with Fischl and Fischl steps into Bennett's Burst. Oz still deals 920 Electro damage, but Overload damage has been increased to 1900.
Special Analysis Zoom Lens
New Kamera Gadget Counts As E Cast
Charlotte with new Kamera lens counts as using skill cast.
YouTube from @clevernt
Oathsworn triggering and Kagura stacks. Also, the first time a gadget has affected gameplay in Abyss, lmao.
Special Analysis Zoom Lens
Using the Special Analysis Zoom Lens with Charlotte counts as a Skill cast, which can trigger Oathsworn Eye and stack Kagura's Verity.
A monster birthed from a high concentration of elements that can float in the air.
All specters are immune to their respective Element.
As reason might dictate, monsters made from coalesced Anemo already come equipped with the ability to float. As such, their petal-like wings are most likely to be a mimetic organ first and foremost.
Fury: Taking a lot of damage from a single attack will charge fury.
Stronger attacks charge more fury.
When they have a full fury bar they will grow bigger and they do more damage.
Shoots two consecutive homing wind bolts that do Anemo DMG.
If at max fury, instead shoots three non-homing bolts in a spread pattern and becomes its only attack.
Spins, puffs up, then releases a swirl of wind dealing AoE Anemo DMG.
Explodes after a short pause when defeated dealing AoE Anemo DMG.
If at max fury, will instead create a Vacuum Field that sucks in players and deals Anemo DoT.
This attack is inevitable to happen, and negates the kill from the player, counting as killing itself instead, thus not activating any on kill effects (ex. the blackcliff weapon series).
A certain alchemist once studied these beings, speculating that they might be a kind of Slime or the Traveler, as none of the above needed a Vision to use the elements. He was reprimanded by his teacher.
Fury: Taking a lot of DMG from a single attack will charge fury.
Stronger attacks charge more fury.
When they have a full fury bar, they will grow bigger and do more damage.
Ice Missle: Shoots a slow homing projectile that deals 100% ATK as Cryo DMG on hit, after a couple of seconds the projectile will lose its homing property and start to travel in a straight line.
Frost Bomb: Spins before shooting out a downward snowball that Bursts dealing 100% ATK as AoE Cryo DMG.
Snowball Sling: Consecutively launches 6 snowballs at the player that burst on contact dealing AoE Cryo DMG. This attack will only occur at max Fury and will be the only attack it uses in that state.
Final Burst: Explodes after a short pause when defeated dealing 125% ATK as AoE Cryo DMG. If at max Fury, DMG is increased to 150% ATK, and leaves behind a patch of frost on the ground that deals 50% ATK as AoE Cryo DoT.
A researcher from Vahumana once did research into the ecological peculiarities of Dendro Specters, finding them to be quite similar to the legendary Aranara. His conclusion was that the Aranara were actually Dendro Specters. This researcher would become a little-known writer of fairy tales.
A certain researcher once studied these creatures. He believed that they must be Hypostases of some kind. After all, they both had elemental peculiarities and were birthed from areas saturated with elemental energy, right? By the way, he was later investigated for academic corruption.
Fury: Taking a lot of DMG from a single attack will charge fury.
Stronger attacks charge more fury.
When they have a full fury bar, they will grow bigger and do more damage.
Thunderstrike: Floats a bit before summoning three lightning bolts to strike down around the player, each dealing 100% ATK as AoE Electro DMG.
Blitz Bump: Spins and charges towards the player in a shaky manner, dealing 125% ATK as Electro DMG.
Zip Zap Bash: Zips about a few times, dealing 30% ATK as Electro DMG to players caught in its electricity, before slamming downwards dealing 200% ATK as AoE Electro DMG. This attack will only occur at max Fury and will be the only attack it uses in that state.
Final Burst: Explodes after a short pause when defeated dealing 125% ATK as AoE Electro DMG. If at max Fury, it will follow the player before it explodes, dealing 150% ATK as AoE Electro DMG.
Geo Specters mimic the fruit of certain plants when their wings are closed together. As such, they are held by some ancient tales to be the fruit of a giant tree in the sky, and are regarded as having mysterious medical value.
Fury: Taking a lot of DMG from a single attack will charge fury.
Stronger attacks charge more fury.
When they have a full fury bar, they will grow bigger and do more damage.
Shoots three small homing rocks that deal Geo DMG. The shots also knock the Specter backwards.
Spins before knocking into the player, dealing Geo DMG.
Shoots a projectile at the ground under it that Bursts into an earthquake that deals AoE Geo DMG.
This attack will only occur at max fury and will be the only attack it uses in that state.
Explodes after a short pause when defeated dealing AoE Geo DMG.
This attack is inevitable to happen, and negates the kill from the player, counting as killing itself instead, thus not activating any on kill effects (ex. the blackcliff weapon series).
On moonlit nights, Hydro Specters will give off a ghostly glow as they float by the riverbank. Their furtive forms are often mistaken by passers-by for wandering spirits, which has made them mainstays in quite a few folktales.
Fury: Taking a lot of damage from a single attack will charge fury.
Stronger attacks charge more fury.
When they have a full fury bar, they will grow bigger and they do more damage.
Shoots a slow homing bubble that deals Hydro DMG.
Spins before summoning a splash at the location of the player, dealing AoE Hydro DMG. Any enemies in the AoE will be healed by 33% of their Max HP.
Squeezes itself out, before releasing a splash around itself dealing AoE Hydro DMG.
This attack will only occur at max fury and will be the only attack it uses in that state.
Explodes after a short pause when defeated, dealing AoE Hydro DMG.
If at max fury and enemies are nearby, the explosion will also release bubbles that track nearby enemies and heal them by 12.5% of their Max HP.
This attack is inevitable to happen, and negates the kill from the player, counting as killing itself instead, thus not activating any on kill effects (ex. the blackcliff weapon series).
There was once an Akademiya student who conducted research into their behavior. He believed that Specters were a form of Crystalfly; since they both had powers of flight and both were birthed in areas saturated with elemental energy. He has not graduated yet.
Fury: Taking a lot of DMG from a single attack will charge fury.
Stronger attacks charge more fury.
When they have a full fury bar, they will grow bigger and do more damage.
Fire Dance: Loops around in the air to conjure a fireball which it punts at the player, dealing 100% ATK as Pyro DMG.
Sneaky Spitfire: Disappears and reappears behind the player, then spits a spray of fire at them, dealing 125% ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
Pursuing Flamethrower: Slowly follows the player while periodically spraying fire at them, dealing 125% ATK as AoE Pyro DMG. This attack will only occur at max Fury and will be the only attack it uses in that state.
Final Burst: Explodes after a short pause when defeated, dealing 125% ATK as AoE Pyro DMG. If at max Fury, DMG is increased to 150% ATK, and leaves behind a small fireball that explodes after another short pause, dealing 300% ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
A mysterious "lord" of hilichurls that walks between a thousand peaks..
This huge hilichurl is referred to as a "lawa" by its brethren. The abundant Geo energies in the environment have become part of their flesh, blood, and skin, which look as if they were chiseled out of mountain rock.
Punches its chest and gives a battle cry before infusing itself with a Geo armor. This attack will always be the first one attempted at the start of the fight, and can be done again after the armor is broken.
While protected by the armor, certain attacks will be upgraded.
Takes a wide right swing at the player.
Takes a left swing followed up by a right punch into the ground.
Armor Upgrade: 6 chain explosion aftershocks will be triggered in a V shape from the ground punch.
Goes into a crouch start position, and after a short delay quickly dashes in the direction of the player, inflicting large body slam damage.
Armor Upgrade: Starts the dash nearly instantaneous.
Executes a high, long jump to the player's location, dealing massive damage on its landing.
Armor Upgrade: Upon landing, sends out 6 chain explosion aftershocks in a + shape from its landing spot.
Leans forward, grabbing multiple Geo slimes to throw at the player from ranged distance. This move will not spawn any slimes, they're simply projectiles.
Armor Upgrade: Grabs a single large Geo slime instead.
The following attack can only be used while protected by the armor: Smashes the ground with both fists, unleashing 6 chain explosion aftershock in 3 forward directions.
One of The Four Winds of Mondstadt, Dvalin, the Dragon of the East..
With the passage of long years and amid boundless darkness, even the purest gem will become dulled by dust, and even the noble dragon might be corrupted and cankered by hatred. But never forget that dust can be wiped away, and the power of doubt and poison can be shattered."Fly freely in the sky."Just like you did in those days when we met, when I walked upon this land and sang the songs of the wind,"And you soared on high, looking down on the world from above."Today, the sky is no longer swept by wind and snow. The green grass grows all over the earth, and it is beautiful."If you too could walk the earth and listen to the songs of shepherds and the scattered sound of wind chimes in the distance, if you could have tasted wine as sweet as honey, you would understand."How wonderful it would have been if you were as I, witnessing your noble, beautiful form as you soared through the blue sky."Then you would know that this sky and this earth are both things worth fighting for."
Starts airborne with a unique health shield that has to be broken. Once the shield is broken, Dvalin will fall on the same platform as the player, and the camera angle will change. During this time the player can climb on Dvalin's back and strike the crystal on the back of his head to deal damage until Dvalin gets back up.
The crystal is self infused with Electro that can't be overridden or Electro-Charged.
Disappears from view, then swoops through the center of the platform, dealing heavy damage.
Lands on the player's side of the platform and unleashes a powerful breath onto a part of the platform.
Swipes his head towards the area the player is standing on.
Shoots two pairs of Pulse Bomb towards the player, exploding upon impact.
Unleashes a rain of Pulse Bombs to attack the platform you are standing on and adjacent platforms. The affected platforms, become cracked platforms, deal continuous damage to the character standing on them. The longer the character stands on the platform, the higher the damage received.
The damage increase has a limit.
Dvalin can do this 3 times, after which all platforms will be affected.
The camera will be locked onto Dvalin, preventing the player from moving while Dvalin performs this attack.
Dives down and appears to the other end of the arena, then begins charging an attack. He then unleashes a gigantic pulse bomb towards the platform.
Periodically, there will be circular indicators on the ground showing where the energy pulse will strike. He swirls around in the air for a period of time and causes a permanent condition in every part of the arena.
Dvalin uses this attack if the player takes too long to kill him. This attack persists for the rest of the fight.
The damage from cracked platforms is normal Anemo damage and is not based on the active character's HP.
As of Version 3.0, you can now apply a Hydro aura to Dvalin, which was previously not possible.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Sucrose's N1 Attack can, in some Situations, Cease to Exist
Sucrose's N1 attack can, in some situations, cease to exist. Sucrose will do her attacking animation, but no Anemo attack will be created.
There's a video linked showing the issue occurring at 0:02 and 0:19 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tckURU3KAJmzCKvH-qVykY8DnXDWpIZg/view?usp=sharing
From what I can tell (complaints about it on Hoyolab), this has been in the game since launch. Attacking quickly with Sucrose will, in many instances, lose a significant portion of damage (and more importantly Swirl potential) because this bug is still in the game.
Can Sucrose's Normal Attacks (and by extension, Swirl reactions) trigger Fischl's Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex?
I was asked this question on reddit and thought it should be the case since Sucrose' basic attacks are Anemo which will Swirl the Electro debuff on the enemy.
Upon testing, as expected: it works, and yes Undone Be Thy Sinful Hex can also CRIT.
One more reason to get Sucrose out in the field more often, at least for this use case
Sucrose N1 Bug Misconceptions and Workarounds
Sucrose N1 bug is a real bug, however it is often misunderstood and sometimes incorrectly used as the reason for N1 not coming out.
There are ways to consistently avoid the bug and have it not be an issue.
What is the N1 bug?
Sucrose N1 will sometimes disappear. However, this only happens when continuing her Normal Attack string.
See the original TCL entry here.
The key point that is usually missed is "attacking quickly with Sucrose". The bug happens when doing multiple presses. If you input N1 with a single press, you will not get this bug.
I've seen claims of N1 bug happening with just N1, but I haven't been able to reproduce this nor seen evidence. If someone has any evidence of it, please post it and I would be happy to be wrong.
100 Sucrose N1s in a row, done with a single press each time, with the bug never happening: Video.
10 Sucrose N1E in a row, with N1 coming out every time: Video.
The N1 bug, to show that it exists and that my game isn't hacked: Video.
I did Suc N1E and N1 didn't come out: Video. Two things could've happened here:
1.1. You pressed E too early after pressing N1, which canceled your N1 before it could come out. This is something that every character can do and is a normal game mechanic.
1.2. You mashed to do N1 and got the N1 bug.
I did Suc N1 only and the N1 didn't come out: Video.
- You dash/jump canceled too early, which is something that can happen to every character and is a normal game mechanic.
Note: N1 can take longer to come out in a few situations, which may be the reason why you canceled too early.
Doing a buffered N1 after dashing takes longer. This is not the original N1 bug, but is another separate annoying issue/bug: Video.
Your press for N1 was too long. For catalyst users, the N1 animation doesn't begin until you release your press, since holding puts you into CA windup animation: Video.
You mashed to do N1 and got the bug, then canceled N2 before it could come out.
How to avoid the N1 bug:
I want to do Suc N1
Click once to do N1, do not mash, and make sure you don't dash/jump cancel too early (or just don't cancel it).
I want to do Suc N1E
Click once to do N1, then press E with enough delay for N1 to hit. Do not mash to do N1.
I want to do Suc N2+
Click once to do N1, wait a tiny bit, then continue pressing to do N2 and up. This avoids the bug, but can make your attack string slightly slower without good timing: Video.
N1 bug is real and very annoying, however there are consistent ways to work around the issue.
Elemental Skill Mechanics
Sucrose's Particles spawn on the direction she's facing
Findings: Particles of Sucrose's Elemental Skill are created where Sucrose is facing (instead of the enemy location) if you dash cancel her E animation.
Significance: This makes it possible/easier to pre-funnel Xiao with a sequence of Sucrose's E followed by Xiao's two Es.
Sucrose Skill And Freeze-Petrify-Omen Interaction
Sucrose Elemental Skill, Astable Anemohypostasis Creation - 6308, does not knock up Frozen and Petrified enemies. Light Suction will occur instead, much like how her Burst currently works with Frozen and Petrified Enemies.
Control Cases: Enemies have no Frozen/Petrify Status
Sucrose E vs Light Enemies (UNFROZEN)
Sucrose E vs Heavier Enemy (UNFROZEN)
Sucrose E vs Light/Heavy Enemies (UNFROZEN AND UNPETRIFIED) will break Mona's Omen
As one can see from the above clips, Sucrose knocks up all the enemies that she can.
Comparison Cases: Enemies are Frozen/Petrified
Sucrose E vs Light Enemies (FROZEN)
Sucrose E vs Heavier Enemy (FROZEN)
Sucrose E vs Light/Heavy Enemies (PETRIFIED)
Sucrose E vs Enemies in Mona's Omen (FROZEN)
Note: Notice how the first Skill Usage did not knock up, but the 2nd one did.
Sucrose E vs Enemies in Mona's Omen (PETRIFIED)
Note: Unachievable in single player unless one has Zhongli C4.
Sucrose Skill can be used with Freeze/petrify and the enemies will not be knocked up or away. Sucrose Skill can also possibly be used in conjunction with effects that rely on enemy's poise not being broken, namely Mona's Omen-- provided that the enemy remains Frozen/petrified.
Sucrose E No Particles Bug
If you dash cancel Sucrose E and switch characters too fast, no Particles will be generated.
credits to for finding and documenting the first instance of this bug.
Bug messing up Xiao pre-funnel.
Bug clearly displayed.
Bug clearly displayed 2: in the abyss!.
For those who still want the Particles while doing Sucrose E dash cancel (this is mostly for pre-funnelling Xiao, but could be useful in other situations), have Skill issue and stay on Sucrose a bit longer before switching characters.
This might also be a bug on other characters when they dash cancel their Skills...
Sucrose E Dash E Bug
Doing Sucrose E > dash > E very fast only produces 1 Skill's worth of Elemental Orbs
Making frame-perfect dash cancels isn't always a good thing. When doing E dash E, it is better to delay the 2nd E a bit more so that a total of 8 particles are produced.
Elemental Burst Mechanics
Sucrose Absorbed Dmg is simultaneous
Finding: The damage from Anemo and the absorbed Element in Sucrose's Burst ticks happen simultaneously.
VV/Swirl testing: Video,
An enemy was applied Pyro. Sucrose Burst was set up so it would absorb Pyro before its first tick.
The first tick of the Burst Swirled the enemy with the Pyro aura and dealth Anemo and Pyro damage to both.
The enemy with a Pyro aura was dealt 108 Pyro, 1031 Anemo, with 2262 Pyro Swirl.
The other enemy was dealth 241 Pyro (CRIT), 1031 Anemo, with 1770 Pyro Swirl. The non-CRIT DMG would be 84 Pyro damage.
This shows that the VV shred from the Swirl damage of Swirl reactions was applied after all the talent damage from the Burst. The VV shred from the Swirl reaction itself is still applied to the single-target before the talent damage.
This was inconclusive, and there were two theories:
Anemo and the absorbed Element are simultaneous, and AoE Swirl damage comes after the rest of damage is dealt.(Meaning it is also after when debuffs from reactions are applied).
Anemo and the absorbed Element are sequential instances of damage, but AoE Swirls creates new instances of damage that are calculated after all instances of talent damage are finished calculating(and reacting).
Raining Anemo Hypostasis Testing
Sucrose can cause a Swirl reaction by applying Anemo to the Anemo Hypostasis while it is raining. Some
Barbara can cause a Swirl reaction by applying Hydro to the Anemo Hypostasis while it is raining.
Sucrose's Burst that has absorbed Hydro causes a single Swirl reaction on the Anemo Hypostasis while it is raining.
As there was only a single reaction, unlike the expected two Swirls if Sucrose's Burst was sequential, there is a strong argument to say that the damage from the Anemo and the absorbed Element in her Burst are simultaneous.
Significance: We better understand Sucrose's kit and how attacks in general work.
A1: Catalyst Conversion
Sucrose's A1 talent does not proc on swirling environmental objects and Guoba
Sucrose's A1 talent, Catalyst Conversion, does not proc on Swirling Guoba or environmental objects.
Swirling off Guoba
Swirling off Cooking Pot
For double Swirl setups involving Guoba (Sucrose/Bennett/XL/XQ or Sucrose/Bennett/XL/Childe), Sucrose's A1 talent will not benefit Xiangling unless you Swirl Pyro off of the enemy.
Sucrose's EM share on multiswirl is dynamic
The amount of EM shared by Sucrose's A4 Talent, Mollis Favonius in multiple Swirl scenarios is dynamic.
In the video, Yanfei has 0 EM while Sucrose has 706 EM. If Sucrose's EM share is snapshotted based on the amount of EM she had on Q cast, then Yanfei should have 141+120=261 EM. However, Yanfei had 141+120+24=285 EM instead, whereby the extra 24 EM was derived from 20% of the Instructor 4-Piece bonus. Instructor 4-Piece
In the video, Yanfei has 0 EM while Sucrose has 525 EM. If Sucrose's EM share is snapshotted, Yanfei will have 105+50=155 EM. However, Yanfei had 105+50+48=203 EM instead, whereby the extra 48 EM was derived from 20% of the 240 EM Widsth Buff. Widsth R1 Buff
More flexible rotations and Sucrose does not need to be buffed before using her Q.
Sucrose passives off-field triggering
Sucrose's A1 Passive, A4 Passive, and C6 effect can be triggered even when she is off-field.
More flexible rotations. For VV support Sucrose, you can do EQ Sucrose -> [Element you want to buff] -> N1 Sucrose without fear of losing her A1, A4 and C6 buffs, while allowing you to squeeze in a VV shred. For non-VV support Sucrose, this lessens her field time even further, since you can EQ Sucrose -> [Element you want to buff] and continue with the rest of your rotations without having to imbue Element first before Sucrose moves.
A1 Triggers on Chain Reaction Swirls
Sucrose A1 triggers on chain reaction Swirls.
Sucrose has 915 EM with VV. Optimiser gave me 916.
Xiangling has 96 EM from ascension. She has lvl 9 Guoba and lvl 1 1 polearm.
Calculated damages using Genshin Optimizer: Google Doc
Reference videos for damage:
Guoba attack on Anemo Cube
Sucrose A4, Guoba attack on Anemo Cube
Sucrose Guoba Swirl on Anemo Cube
Mapping the damage numbers in this video to the calculated numbers:
First Sucrose E:
5174 - Sucrose Swirl
6612 - Sucrose Swirl with VV
244 - Guoba with VV
1552 - Xiangling Swirl from Guoba with Sucrose A1 and VV
Second Sucrose E:
7043 - Sucrose Swirl with Xiangling C1 and VV
2582 - Xiangling Swirl from Guoba with Sucrose A1 A4, Xiangling C1, and VV
260 - Guoba with Xiangling C1 and VV
This shows that A1 was triggered from the second Swirl from Sucrose (where the Guoba Swirl applied Pyro to the Anemo Hypostasis, causing another Swirl reaction). This is a chain reaction. This also shows that A4 is delayed for some reason. Probably ping.
Sucrose can utilize her A1 buff even when Swirling off of objects, as long as there is an enemy with an Anemo aura nearby.
Swirls Caused By Absorbed Element in Burst Can Trigger A1
Swirls caused by the absorbed Element in Sucrose's Burst can trigger her A1.
Infusing Sucrose Burst with Beidou hold Skill vs Anemo Cube: YouTube
When will we get more Anemo auras on enemies...
A4: Mollis Favonius
Sucrose A4 snapshots EM value
Findings: Sucrose A4 snapshots EM value.
First half, using Sucrose A4 before EM buff from Albedo A4, grants 0 EM to everyone. Albedo Q increases party EM by 125. Higher value is expected if A4 did not snapshot.
Second half, using Sucrose A4 a few seconds before the EM buff from Albedo ends. Grants 25 (20% of 125) EM to other party members. After albedo buff expires, party members still have 25 EM buff, instead of 0 if A4 did not snapshot
Instructor buff post
Using Sucrose A4 gives 16 EM to other party members. This is expected.
Causing a Swirl reaction further gives party members 170 EM (120 from instructor, 50 from A2) and 120 to Sucrose.
If A4 did not snapshot, total EM on party members would be 210 instead of 186.
Instructor buff pre
A4 without buff -> 16 EM to other party members.
Swirl without A4 buff -> 170 EM to other party members, 120 to Sucrose (200 total in Sucrose).
After instructors and A1 expires -> 40 EM on party members instead of 16.
A4 -> 0 EM to other party members.
After widsith -> 0 EM to other party members, 480 on Sucrose.
Without snapshot, expected 96 EM to party.
Vid starts with showing widsith buff.
A4 -> 96 EM to other party members.
After buff decays -> 96 EM to other party members.
Without snapshot expected to be 0 EM.
Instructor EM buff procs before A4
Sucrose gives 210 EM (50 + 120 + 20% 200) to other party members despite not getting Instructor buff beforehand.
Use buffs in the right order: Buff Sucrose first (this only means albedo) to maximize EM share to rest of party.
Time your buffs. its possible to switch back to Sucrose before these buffs end to extend the effective duration of A4.
Quickswap with Instructors set doesn't need proc the buff with a normal attack first before E.
Sucrose C4 Mechanics
Remember that Sucrose C4 creates a 7 hit counter, where after 7 hits your E CD is reduced by 1-7s.
Sucrose C4 creates a 7 hit counter when the first normal/charged attack connects an enemy (hitting the air does not create, nor further the counter). However, this counter starts whether your E is on cooldown or not. If you do 5 normal attacks, then E and put your E on cooldown, you only need to do 3 more to hit the counter and get your cooldown reduced.
Switching characters does not delete this counter either, and it exists for a very long time, tested up to 30s, so guesstimate is 30s plus. Death also does not delete the counter.
The cooldown reduction hard caps at each charge's cooldown. If you get a higher reduction than the current E charge CD, it will reset, and not carry over to potentially 2nd charge's cooldown.
Example: E is on 3s CD, you get a 5s CD reduction, you instantly gain E charge and timer start at 15s for the remaining charge.
Sucrose C4 CD reduction probability distribution:
Although the distribution does not fit nicely into the Gaussian curve, mean ~ 4s suggests there is no overly skewed cooldown reduction to either lower or higher bound, at large N.
Switching character does not reset Sucrose counter: Video
Counter starts whether your E is on CD or not: Video
Counter exists for 30s+: Video
This very slightly makes on field enabler Sucrose comps better, as swapping on Sucrose is very lenient + better understanding of Sucrose C4 RNG.
C6: Chaotic Entropy
Sucrose C6 Buff Timer
The buff provided by Sucrose's Constellation 6 (granting party members a 20% Elemental DMG Bonus based on which Element is absorbed by Sucrose's Burst) lasts for 10 seconds.
The first test in the video establishes that the Sucrose in question has her Constellation 6 active, and that the buff arrows on Sucrose correspond to a 20% Pyro DMG Bonus from her Burst absorbing Pyro from Guoba.
The second test shows that, as soon as Sucrose's Elemental Burst absorbs Pyro, Sucrose gets buffed, which lasts for 10 seconds.
The third test shows that even a late absorption of Pyro still results in a 10 second buff.
Teams with C6 Sucrose can plan their absorption time around when they want to utilize her 10 second buff window, either for snapshotting or for general team rotations.
Sucrose can trigger a Guoba Swirl. The application on Guoba Swirl from Sucrose's E is 2U.
Gambler's 4-Piece effect can stack with sacrificial weapons to refresh two of Sucrose's Skill charges simultaneously
If running these together you should avoid triggering both while holding a spare charge. Might be good to know for some niche pure ER battery builds.
[Also applies to other characters with charges]
Sucrose A4 EM sharing does not benefit from Albedo's A4 EM sharing if Sucrose triggers hers before Albedo triggers his.
Images are stored in:
Base Stats: YouTube
Albedo Q then Sucrose E: YouTube
Sucrose E then Albedo Q: YouTube
A team comprised of an artifact-less 0 EM Childe, 0 EM Albedo, and a 154 EM Sucrose.
The final EM we expect from Childe and Albedo is determined by the ff formulas:
If Albedo's A4 is factored in Sucrose's A4:
<Character's Base EM> + 125 + (<Sucrose's Base EM> + 125) 0.2 = 180.8
<Character's Base EM> + 125 + (<Sucrose's Base EM>) 0.2 = 155.8
As we can see from the images, Albedo's A4 must be active when Sucrose triggers her A4. We can confirm it's not bc of any durations ending because Sucrose has the same EM in both scenarios.
25 EM is lost if Sucrose triggers first which may be important in making rotations when min-maxing reaction damage.
Diona's Burst at Constellation 6 Stacks with Sucrose's Passive.
https://imgur.com/gallery/nEtn6yK (pre-test stat)
https://imgur.com/gallery/aLVqfnT (Only A4)
https://imgur.com/a/2ljFQHq (A1+A4 while in Diona's Burst, Sucrose on field)
Significance: This means if you pair Diona into your team, you can either stack even more Elemental Mastery towards your team as Sub-DPS, or you can allocate your Sucrose stats to DPS while not losing too much EM into the team. This only works inside Diona's Burst range, get out of it and the buff is gone. Also the other characters can get the additional 200EM increase if you switch on top of the stack buff.
So in essence, Diona's em stacks twice. Same theorem works for Albedo's Burst as well and adding both of them altogether works too but as above, use Albedo first.
The above suggests the formula for final EM for a buffed party member after Sucroses A1 and A4 is
50 + [(<Sucrose em> + <additional party em buffs>)0.2] + <additional em buffs>.
Sucrose Freeze and Petrify Burst Interaction
Findings: Sucrose's Burst normally pulls smaller enemies towards the center, and knocks back all enemies with each pulse. Freeze and petrify prevents the knockback but does not prevent the SUCC on smaller enemies.
Example on smaller enemies: Link
Example on larger enemy: Link
Significance: Sucrose's Burst can be used in conjunction with Freeze or petrify to group enemies very tightly together without knocking them away from the center.
Kazuha And Sucrose Interaction
Sucrose A4 shares 20% of Kazuha's C2 EM.
An alchemist filled with curiosity about all things. She researches bio-alchemy.
Sucrose Mains Discord
Full Sucrose Written Guide
Sucrose Quick Guide
8 Minute Video Guide to Sucrose
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
N1 is bugged and sometimes will not exist, but there are ways to work around it. See this Vault Entry for more details.
When cancelled by a dash, the Particles created by this Skill are spawned on the direction where Sucrose is facing.
If you dash cancel Sucrose's Skill and switch characters too fast, no Particles will be generated.
Freeze and Petrify will allow Sucrose to group enemies together without launching them into the air.
Absorption priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
Absorption Damage is simultaneous
Freeze and Petrify will allow Sucrose to group enemies together without launching them into the air.
This effect can be triggered even when Sucrose is not on the field.
This effect cannot be triggered by swirling off Guoba or environmental objects such as cooking pots.
This effect can be triggered by chain reaction Swirls.
Swirls caused by the absorbed Element in Forbidden Creation-Isomer 75/Type II can trigger this effect.
This effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
A4 snapshots Sucrose's Elemental Mastery.
A4 also always activates after Instructor 4-Piece set bonus within the same proc.
A4 effect can be triggered even when Sucrose is not on the field.
A4 effect is dynamic in multiswirl situations.
A4 shares 20% of Kazuha's C2 EM.
A4 effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
If you cancel by a dash then use the Skill again too quick, it won't produce extra Particles.
This counter starts even when E isn't on CD
Swapping characters and/or death do not reset the counter
This counter lasts for over 30s, the exact time cap is still unknown
The cooldown reduction hard caps at each charge's cooldown.
If you get a higher reduction than the current E charge CD, it will reset, and not carry over to potentially 2nd charge's cooldown
This buff lasts for 10 seconds.
C6 effect can be triggered even when Sucrose is not on the field.
This buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
There is some inconsistency with shielded characters and Falcon's Defiance trigger. For more details, check the Vault Entry linked
The healing is affected by Incoming and Outgoing Healing Bonuses.
The self-Swirl interaction of "Sunfire" does not count as a reaction for Freedom-Sworn passive stacks.
Stacks can't be gained from infusing the weapon with 2 different Elements.
Haran Geppaku Futsu
Key of Khaj-Nisut
Key of Khaj-Nisut's EM buff does not affect Kazuha's A4 buff.
Stacks remain even after switching out, and they share their duration, meaning they expire at the same time when the timer of the last stack gained expires.
Stacks cannot be gained when the user is off-field, and the duration of the stacks continues counting down even when the user is off-field.
Light of Foliar Incision
The number of Mistsplitter's Emblems gained from characters' Elemental Burst is character dependent, for more details, check the Vault Entry linked
A Mistsplitter's Emblem stack that a character obtains when Normal Attack deals Elemental DMG can also be obtained when Charged Attack deals Elemental DMG as well.
Primordial Jade Cutter
Skyward blade does not increase your damage after Elemental Burst but adds an additional line as bonus damage
Splendor of Tranquil Waters
Hits that can gain stacks include Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst. and
Summit Shaper can gain stacks on zero-damage attacks.,,
The duration of all seeds is refreshed upon gaining a new seed.
As of Patch 2.5, there is a bug where the Passive will be deactivated if Albedo's Transient Blossom is triggered by a non-melee attack and hits a shield.
The passive is dynamic, even for abilities that can snapshot.
Finale of the Deep
Fleuve Cendre Ferryman
The quest version of this weapon, Prized Isshin Blade, has a passive that decreases the DMG done by the wielder by 50%. This effect is additive - Aevean
Sword of Descension
Sword of Narzissenkreuz
The Alley Flash
Taking damage while the passive is disabled will reset the disable timer.
The Black Sword
The Dockhand's Assistant
Flute's AoE can CRIT
The passive does not stack off-field.
Xiphos does not affect Raiden's Ascension 4 Passive, nor does it affect Emblem of Severed Fate's Burst DMG% Bonus.
Xiphos buff begins 64 frames after it's equipped, all timers are reset when removed or when enter/exit domains (including challenge again, abyss try again, etc.), allowing the buff to reapply 64 frames after re-equipping or enter/exit domains regardless of the previous timer.
Xiphos buff snapshots.
Dark Iron Sword
Can only be obtained from Chen the Sharp in Liyue Harbor.
The passive cannot be triggered by zero-damage attacks.,,
Harbinger of Dawn
Traveler's Handy Sword
HP restored is affected by Healing Bonus and Incoming Healing Bonus
Genshin Impact Fandom
Frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Aimed Shot weak-point spam MV/s
Accounting for weak-spot hits, theoretical MV/s of aimed shot spam is more competitive with melee stance Childe for single-target scenarios than generally thought.
General calculations performed:
Footage analyzed for frame data on charged shots:
For calculations, bow charge time averaged at 100 frames to accommodate for human error in practice. Aimed shot gap fill seems to lose out by 20% to N3C.
Aimed shot gap-fill for C0 players is somewhat viable during E downtime, at least for single-target DPS.
Editors note): Disparity between the aimed shot and melee will grow with higher CRIT Rate, as the relative increase to average CRIT bonus becomes smaller between weak-spot hits and melee normals. Also, weapons like Rust will suffer from -CA DMG. Due to being single-target, Aimed shot will also lose out with grouping effects like VH/Venti.
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Childe Stance Switch From Ranged to Melee
Childe's stance switch from ranged to melee triggers Shatter on Frozen targets and Unfreezes enemies.
Potential interference in niche party combo situations.
Childe Ranged to Melee NA Combo
After doing N# in bow stance, if you walk, use Skill, then do a normal attack all in a short timeframe you can continue the normal attack string as if he was in melee stance from the start.
Bow N1 up to N5 into melee combo
I think its similar in nature to this video
For bow characters, usually you shouldn't be able to continue their normal attack string after walking, but since Childe is now treated as a melee character after using his Skill he will have a short window to continue his normal attack string shortly after walking.
Better understanding of how melee combos work.
Childe E can reset on revive
Childe Skill CD reset upon death.
In the video, Childe goes into melee stance, jumps off a cliff and dies. I wait a little at the beginning to make sure that Childe doesn't automatically revert back to ranged stance. When Childe revives, he can reenter melee stance without a cooldown. 3 extra test subjects to show that it's Childe specific: 1 2 3.
And one more to show that its only Skill, not Burst.
Significance: You could die, and extend melee duration. probably not that useful tho.
Elemental Skill and Attack or Burst on the Same Frame
By pressing Skill (E) and either Attack or Burst (Q) on the same frame while moving, you can do some weird things.
In other words, hold W, then press EQ, or E and LMB, at the same exact time.
Skill and Attack on the Same Frame (I will call this [EN1]):
Starting in Ranged Stance, [EN1] puts Childe in Melee Stance while performing a ranged N1 (rN1).
In most cases, Childe will start the rN1, and then suddenly stop before the arrow can come out: YouTube
With a frame-perfect Attack input (press and release Attack in 1 frame), Childe can finish the rN1: YouTube
Childe will do Melee Attacks after rN1, notably skipping mN1 and going straight into mN2.
Starting in Melee Stance, [EN1] puts Childe in Ranged Stance while performing a melee N1 (mN1).
Childe will do Ranged Normal Attacks after mN1, notably skipping rN1 and going straight into rN2: YouTube
Holding Attack for longer doesn't let him do mN1C, he simply does nothing after the mN1.
Childe can also cancel the mN1 with Aim mode, allowing him to do mN1-ARCC (useless but cool): YouTube
The mN1 does not trigger Riptide Slash, even though it is a melee attack. This likely indicates that melee attacks cannot trigger Riptide Slash while in Ranged Stance: YouTube
Using this tech, Childe is able to perform a legitimate Dragonstrike (using ranged Plunge), no longer needing to rely on footstool: YouTube
It is possible to do this tech on mN2 and higher using a walk extension: YouTube
Skill and Burst on the Same Frame (I will call this [EQ]):
Starting in Ranged Stance, [EQ] puts Childe in Melee Stance while casting Ranged Burst: YouTube
The Burst camera angle is messed up.
C6 does NOT trigger upon returning to ranged stance: YouTube
Doing this with 4-Piece Shimenawa's allows Childe to activate the 4-Piece effect while avoiding the Energy tax: YouTube
Starting in Melee Stance, [EQ] puts Childe in Ranged Stance while casting Melee Burst: YouTube
The Burst camera angle is messed up.
C6 does NOT trigger on the initial return to ranged stance: YouTube
However, the next time that Childe uses Skill and then returns to ranged, C6 DOES trigger: YouTube
Doing this with 4-Piece Shimenawa's allows Childe to activate the 4-Piece effect while avoiding the Energy tax: YouTube
[EN1] is mostly fluff right now, can enable some cool looking attack strings.
[ErQ] can potentially improve 4-Piece Shime Childe usability. Let's you tax evade with Ranged Burst which also refunds Energy, puts you into melee stance, and doesn't rely on high ping.
[EmQ] activates C6 on second Skill rotation, which can allow for new potential setups.
Childe E Cooldown is 6 Seconds When Immediately Swapped
Childe's Skill cooldown duration appears discrete. If Childe is swapped off within 1 second of Elemental Skill activation, you get a 6 second cooldown duration. Likewise, swapping after 1.3 and 1.5 seconds both have same 7s cooldown duration.
6s cooldown on fast swap - YouTube
7s cooldown after 1.3s and 1.5s - YouTube and YouTube
Understanding cooldowns can allow more acurate theorycrafting and rotation building.
Swapping off of Childe as soon as possible will minimize his cooldown if you made a mistake.
Correcting Childe Energy Generation
The TCL's information on Childe's energy generation was wrong. The following information is not really a finding because it's been known for ages.
Childe's Particle Generation is:
A Hydro Particle on Riptide Flash trigger
A Hydro Particle on Riptide Slash trigger
Held to a 3s ICD for all generation
Correcting misinformation. Knowing Childe generates particles in Ranged Stance is also important.
Riptide Burst (Enemy Kill) can be triggered by other units
Riptide Burst (Enemy Kill) can be triggered by other units.
Riptide Burst: Defeating an opponent affected by riptide creates a Hydro Burst that inflicts the Riptide status on nearby opponents hit.
We expected it to behave such that the riptide effects can only be triggered by Childe, but for Riptide Burst, it can be triggered by another unit.
Childe can provide additional damage even without C4 when he's off-field.
Riptide Slash Particle Gen ICD
As multiple players had pointed out, Childe seems to have a fixed 3-second ICD on his Particle generation on Riptide Slash. This disproved my previous claim of it generating a Particle every proc.
The link above is a video of Childe doing Melee N1 cancels on a marked Ruin Guard. It shows how both Riptide ICD and Particle Gen ICD interacts with one another.
Just a clarification on how his Particle generation works.
Riptide does not snapshot
Riptide and its related effects do not snapshot, similar to Hu Tao Blood Blossom. This is specifically relevant to Riptide Blast, Riptide Burst, and Childes constellation 4: Hydrospout.
Riptide Flash, while in Benny Q and without: 573 in field, 314 without
Riptide Slash, while in Benny Q and without: 2066 in field, 1296 without
Riptide Burst, while in Benny Q and off-field: Burst does 7595 in field, 5085 without
Riptide Blast, while in Benny Q and without: Blast does 6212 in field, 3400 without
Childe C4, while in Benny Q and off-field: 323 in field, 119 off field
Many of Childes comps revolve around using Bennet as a healer. Being aware of whether his riptide effects snapshot or not can affect how you play him. It also keeps the consistent theory that all mark abilities do not snapshot.
Aimed Shot Riptide Slash
Tartaglia can apply Riptide and trigger Riptide Slash with his Aimed Shot (AS), both Physical and Hydro, by firing an AS and switching to melee stance before the arrow hits an enemy.
Works for both standing Skill and moving Skill activation.
Also note that Riptide Slash counts as Skill damage and can trigger Sacrificial Bow effect.
Works using Hydro AS, as you can see Riptide Slash damage: Imgur
Using Hydro AS E on an enemy already affected by Riptide will trigger both Slash and Flash: Imgur
This tech can be done at close range using animation cancel techniques: Imgur
If you switch from melee stance back to bow stance before the arrow hits, this tech does not occur.
Hydro AS E at long range - Riptide Slash triggers
Hydro AS E E at long range - Riptide Slash does not trigger
Can be used to apply Riptide and Hydro onto to ranged enemies very quickly, which has uses in speedrunning.
Chongyun C2 E field affects Childes melee stance cooldown
Childe's Melee Stance cooldown is shortened by 15% if he's standing in Chongyun C2+ field at the moment he finishes his melee stance.
Shoutout to @Andelme
No matter where Childe is entering his Melee Stance, if he's staying inside of Chongyun's field by the end of duration (including manual turning it off) his Cooldown is decreased by 15% (from 45 sec to 38 in linked video).
Childe C4 can proc Beidou Q
Beidou Q: Stormbreaker, will proc on Childe's riptide flash, and riptide Burst as those are counted as instances of "normal attack" damage.
In this clip here, we can see instances of chain lightning proccing when c4 is activated every 4 seconds.
In the second clip here, chain lightning is also proccing on enemy death, due to how riptide Burst is counted as an instance of normal attack damage as well.
Further cements the fact that Childe is one of the, if not the best partners to pair with Beidou to get the maximum amount of lightning procs off Beidou Q.
Skyward Harp Passive on Childe
Skyward Harp Passive does not trigger if the wielder attacks do not damage the target - testing for Childe in melee stance. If the enemy receives 0 damage from the wielder of the skyward Harp passive, in this case, Childe, the skyward harp passive is not triggered. This same behavior can be observed on his charged shots as well.
Skyward Harp Passive: On hit, has a 50% chance to deals 125% damage to enemies in a small AoE every 4s.
Refrain from attacking slimes in your melee form. An obvious fact, but not obvious with Skyward Harp's passive not activating at all.
Childe Can Proc Prototype Crescent's Passive in Melee Form
Childe's Elemental Skill, Foul Legacy: Raging Tides' Charge attacks can proc prototype crescent's passive on Geovishap's weakspots.
Prototype Crescent's passive, Unreturning, will activate when a charged attack hits enemies' weakpoints. Since the descriptions never specify it must be a bow Charged Attack, any charged attacks theoretically can trigger the passive as long as it hits the weakspot of the enemy. Since Geovishaps doesn't get knocked back like other smaller enemies, and their head is luckily, ground level unlike Lectors and Heralds, it is possible to hit the Vishap's head and trigger the passive with Childe's melee cross slash. Evidence and testing is shown on the video below.
Hopefully, by knowing this, people can start twiddling around this and find much more unique interactions between Crescent's passive and its user, specifically Childe, but that's only because he is the only hybrid unit between melee and range so far. If there is a direct Crescent counterpart in the future(swords, polearms, claymores) and there's a unit that is also a hybrid like Childe, we can be sure that said unit's Elemental Skill can proc said weapon's passive with their 'special' charged attack. This can also makes running Childe with prototype Crescent a lot more comfortable on abyss that consists of Vishaps, such as Floor 12-1, or Pale Flames Domain.
Childe's Riptide Procs 4 Pale Flame
Childe can trigger 4 the 4-Piece Pale Flame passive with his riptide in melee form he and keeps buff when he switches back to ranged form since riptide is counted as Elemental Skill.
Childe can stack the 4-Piece Pale Flame passive in his melee form with riptides.
Childe Melee Charged Attack Misses Stunned Ruin Guard
Childe's Melee charged attack will not register on a stunned Ruin Guard when aiming at its feet
Step 1. Remove all CRIT from Childe so Riptide is not applied, so Riptide Slash does not ruin damage tests
Step 2. Stun Ruin Guard
Step 3. Melee CA in front of it's feet, and compare the amount of damage numbers (should be 3 since N1CA has 3 parts)
Step 4. Melee CA at the side and compare the amount of damage numbers (should also be 3)
From what found for spear users who have the "dive" CA, Childe suffers from the opposite problem where his CA pushes him back, so he cannot hit the hitbox anymore. Thus, my assumption is that the spear users's "dive" CA hitbox is actually far behind them, thus they cannot hit the Ruin Guard. This would also explain why the 1st hit of Childe's melee CA hits, but he is pushed back too far by the time the 2nd hit can connect.
When using Childe's melee CA against stunned Ruin Guards, go to the side to reliably hit them. In addition, this could mean that the spear "dive" hitbox is actually far behind them, which is why both Childe's 2nd melee CA and spear users with "dive" CA cannot hit Ruin Guards.
Childe Consistent Normal Attack Forward Vape
Childe can vape his normal attacks consistently if there are no riptide procs and he doesn't use charged attacks (haven't fully tested his CA yet)
Remove all CRIT Rate from Childe
Apply Pyro on enemy. XL can reapply Pyro fast enough for Childe to vape consistently if he never score CRIT hits and proc riptide
Normal attack with childe and hope it doesn't CRIT and apply riptide
Video (thx to Silvershine for helping me record it)
Just a fun little finding. Can be made into meme builds for a full ATK% childe (since Shatter Childe is already becoming a meme build, so why not consistent vape Childe too)
Childe Double Forward Vape
Childe can forward Vaporize both his melee Burst, and Riptide Blast given enough Pyro support. This Pyro support can come in the form of as little as Xiangling Burst + Guoba, although due to Guobas lack of range, lack of braincells and ability to be knocked away, another Pyro support is recommended (such as Pyro-infused Sucrose).
Childe Double Forward Vape
Childe DFV Sucrose
Childe DFV Venti
Childe DFV XL only
Riptide Blast accounts for roughly of Childes Burst damage, scaling quadratically with the number of targets in range. Being able to achieve this double Vaporize could increase his damage dramatically.
No. 11 of The Harbingers, also known as "Childe." His name is highly feared on the battlefield.
Childe Mains Discord
7 Minute Video Guide to Tartaglia
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Both Riptide Flash and Riptide Burst do not snapshot.
Echoes of an Offering works weirdly with Tartaglia, for more information see this Vault Entry.
How Tartaglia's N1 and N2 hits trigger Echoes of an Offering differs depending on the tester. For more information see this Vault Entry.
Gives 1 Hydro Particle upon proc. However, this Particle generation has an ICD of 3 seconds.
Riptide and Riptide Slash can be applied and triggered by Aimed Shot, both Physical and Hydro, by switching to melee stance before the arrow hits an enemy.
Using this Skill in quick succession after a partial Bow Stance attack string allows Childe to continue the attack string in Melee Stance.
Using this Skill on the same frame as an attack or Burst input can result in a Ranged Burst while in Melee Stance, a Melee N1 in Ranged Stance, among other effects.
Preemptive CD scales discretely, floored to an integer before cooldown reduction calculations.
Riptide Blast does not snapshot
A chart of Tartgalia's different Riptide effects
Riptide has a 10s duration (without Ascension 1).
1 Hydro Particle on Riptide Flash and Riptide Slash trigger both held to a 3s cooldown for all generation.
Riptide can be applied to shielded targets, assisting in destroying shields faster.
This constellation effect is not subject to ICD.
All of Riptide effects triggered by C4 do not snapshot.
All of Riptide effects triggered by C4 are considered Normal Attack DMG.
Full Talent Values
Plunge on Stairs in Floor 12
Note: This finding was not my idea. It was originally posted in the #tipsandtrickschat via a reddit link and it seemed good enough to be submitted to the library. However, I did some of my own testing and compiled my own thoughts on this finding.
Using the stairs in the front and back of floor 12, you can take advantage of the slightly elevated terrain to perform a few dragonstrikes at a time.
Original Reddit post
Both of these videos showcase me using the stairs in the front and back area of f12 for dragonstrike.
My personal thoughts on this trick: I think players can take the most advantage of it until the end of this blessing and possibly beyond. However, while I was messing around with Beidou I found it difficult for me to do the 4 strikes consistently and the rotation of running back and forth on the stairs took me more than a few tries to get used to.
With the current abyss blessing, enemy defense is shred by 40% upon the infliction of plunge attacks, making this trick really nice for F12. This trick may also be viable in later abysses (i.e 1.5 rotation) unless the structure of F12 itself is changed.
IT Buff Abyss Interactions
Finding: Once IT resets, a character loses their IT buff, even if a concurrent abyss run is active.
Evidence: This video shows Chiori's health (buffed 20% by IT) dropping from 17009/19315 immediately to 14995/17027, equal to a loss of 20% of her base HP (2287.6 HP lost)
Significance: This shows that IT buffs function in a different way to other your other stats while in abyss, in that they apply seemingly after your other stats are saved and are updated immediately on removal of the buff.
At the stairs near the front and back of Floor 12, there is an elevated terrain allowing for plunges to be performed. This allows players to capitalize on any plunge attack buffs or just increase their damage through being able to constantly use plunges.
IT Buff Abyss Interactions
The "Principal Cast" buff from the Imaginarium Theater is not saved in an abyss run, and will be lost when the day changes
The Rock (Igneous Pebblus) is a federally endangered species which is currently known to live in various regions of Mondstadt. The range of the Rock historically included the northern part of Dragonspine and various clusters in Cape Oath. Exploitative research and tree farming have driven this species to near extinction. It is unknown if there are surviving habitats of Rocks in other parts of Teyvat.
Exact numbers unknown. The Rock has around 8000HP at WL8.
The Shogun / Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto
This is the form of the puppet that inherited the Raiden Shogun's authority takes when she is opposing those who threaten Eternity.
As the Raiden Shogun's assistant in pursuing eternity, she has never doubted, never felt fear, never given anything less than her best, never been disturbed by idle thoughts.
She once heard about how Ei had shouldered a similar duty when Makoto was also present, suffering much agonizing loss in the process. When the two shadows overlapped once more, however, she could only see the countless fine fractures in what should have been "her" eternal will. Since fate is destined for cyclicality, she must fulfill her promise and declare war on "her".
Mine is the most supreme and noble form. Power over the realm has been vested within me, and I am the essence of all that is the "Raiden Shogun."
"Naturally, I have also inherited the pain of Ei's countless losses and her will to attain eternity.
"Resolve, valor, love, hate... They will all twist in the river of time.
"But the 'rules' will never change"
Gains +200% RES towards all types of damage in the armored state and loses -60% RES when stunned.
Musou no Hitotachi - pushes nearby players away from her, while Electro seeds descend around the arena dealing AoE Electro damage over time. Then a large AoE will freeze players and deal large Electro damage inside the ring of Electro seeds.
Characters with vertical movement can be pushed upward, which can allow gliding high enough to safely escape the attack.
The Final Calamity - drains all party members' Energy and leaves a Flowers of Remembrance requiring Elemental attacks to charge a special shield. Outside this shield, one player will be marked with the Eye of Stormy Judgement and their active character will die, with any other active characters taking heavy Electro damage.
The damage can be prevented through some unconventional means. See the evidence page for details.
"A broad term used to describe discovering game mechanics and optimizing gameplay to maximize outcomes."
To begin, theorycrafting in Genshin Impact started in full swing around Keqing to see what weapon and artifacts were the best for her, hence the name: KQM. Shortly after however, theorycrafters realized that the information and data collected for Keqing could easily be applied to other characters, and there was a challenge that every player was met with, the Abyss. From then on, KQM theorycrafting had been focused on efficiency, meta, and how to clear the Abyss with the least amount of resources.
Moving from that point to now has been a journey, to say the least. Players have long since reached the point of being able to invest into units that are fully capable of clearing the Abyss (and not named Xiangling). The line between the best and middling teams has increasingly become blurry, and many units no longer offer direct and clear upgrades over others (Kazuha v. Sucrose).
Often times, Theorycrafting is derided for being too focused on meta. It's understandable that people are tired of being preached to about the strength of Xiangling, Venti, or Ganyu; but we would still argue that being able to tell players who are limited by time what to spend their resin on. Genshin is an easy game, but only if you want it to be. These days, there are just as many players who want to do their best with the units they like the most - and many theorycrafters agree. there is no wrong or right premise to start theorycrafting. Using mathematical analysis to maximize outcomes is just as applicable to the meta as it is for your favorite unit.
The Genshin Impact content sphere is filled misguided advice based on flawed testing that is not any different from misinformation. Testing in game is so rarely effective at discerning the difference between units. It is only possible to get an accurate picture of a unit's power by controlling the testing environment and investment - which is important for being able to provide recommendations for people's Primogems.
How To Start
The Theorycrafting Library is an excellent resource for you to begin reading the intricacies of different units and the game's mechanics. The best way to really get started is to find something that you are particularly interested in and begin exploring. You can find help inside our Discord with plenty of people that are interested in Genshin Theorycrafting.
You can find our Glossary below, to help you navigate the terms that we commonly use.
Theorycrafting, the process of analyzing characters for min-maxing, studying various game mechanics, and the overall pursuit of knowledge of the game. KeqingMains TC accommodates for both the meta and waifu-based play. There is no right or wrong premise to TC.
Refers to an individual who participates in Theorycrafting.
Pre-TC is the name given to any kind of theorycrafting work done on content not yet released in the game (leaks). The results of pre-TC work can be unreliable because of the volatile nature of unreleased content and lack of experienced TCers with access to unreleased content. It is currently banned from KeqingMains.
KeqingMains, a community of nerds who have too much time on their hands.
Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, a Discord server that allows pre-TC and is partnered with KQM.
Best in Slot = The best gear for the character in that specific slot
General Mechanic Terms
A hidden timer that starts when an Elemental source applies an aura or trigger to an enemy. For more details, see our page on ICDs.
During this ICD, repeated use of that specific Elemental source WILL do Elemental damage, but WILL NOT apply an aura/trigger.
Reactions also have ICD to them.
A mechanic whereby a character's stats are "snapshot" when an attack occurs, allowing that attack to maintain the same stats throughout the entire attack. For example, Xiangling will maintain the same attack for the entirety of her Pyronado, instead of losing attack when her attack buffs expire.
The opposite of snapshot, whereby the damage that an attack deals is dependent on a character's stats at a specific moment in time, rather than at the time the attack was cast.
What miHoYo calls the Minor reactions, which consists of: Electro-Charged, Swirl, Overloaded, Shattered, and Superconduct.
What miHoYo calls the Major reactions, which consists of: Vaporize and Melt.
Superconduct, a Transformative Reaction that deals AoE Cryo DMG and reduces the Physical resistance of all enemies in the AoE by 40% for 12 seconds.
Overloaded, also commonly referred to as Overload
A debuff which reduces the Elemental/Physical resistance of enemies. e.g.: 4-Piece Viridescent Venerer and Superconduct.
A debuff which reduces Defense, and in turn increases the damage of every attack on the target (excluding transformative reactions).
Where a specific attack ignores a percentage of the enemy's Defense. This only applies to the attack itself and will not affect the damage of other attacks on the target (excluding transformative reactions). DEF Ignore is multiplicative to DEF Shred.
Motion Value, or the Talent Multiplier, which can be found in-game in the Skill Attributes tab. It is the percentage of your attack done by a Normal Attack, Skill, or Burst.
MV/s = Talent damage/percentage done by an attack or string of attacks divided by the time it takes to do them.
For more details you can check out this video by Artesians on motion values.
Crowd Control, this generally refers to certain Anemo characters being able to pull enemies in with their E or Q.
When a weapon is infused with an Element, it will deal Elemental DMG of that Element instead of Physical DMG. This can be done via certain Elemental Skills, Elemental Bursts, and Passive Talents.
Similar to Elemental Infusion, except a Conversion can not be overridden.
When an Anemo Elemental Skill/Burst comes into contact with Pyro/Hydro/Electro/Cryo and deals additional damage of that Element. Refer to this as Absorption instead of Infusion for clarity.
E.g. Kazuha's Elemental Burst can have Pyro Absorption", not "Pyro Infusion.
Elemental Absorption Priority:
When more than one Element is present, Anemo Elemental Skills/Bursts will absorb an Element in the following order:
Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro: only Anemo Traveler
Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo: all other Anemo characters
A reaction caused by another reaction.
Whenever a character/enemy hits a target, frames get Frozen to give the player a sense of "weight" behind each attack, in turn making certain abilities, buffs, debuffs and auras last longer. This is referred to as Hitlag. Refer to Hitlag Extension for more details.
When doing a Plunge Attack, the character will do AoE DMG, referred to as Low/High Plunge in-game. Collision DMG requires the character to plunge from directly above an enemys hitbox, referred to as Plunge DMG in-game.
Character and Stat Terms
C stands for Constellation, A stands for Ascension, R stands for Refinement, and T stands for Talent Level. There is no R0.
C3R1 Raiden Shogun would mean: Constellation 3 Raiden with Refinement 1 Engulfing Lightning.
A4 Fischl would refer to Fischl's second level up passive, unlocked after her 4th ascension.
Short for Energy Recharge.
Short for Elemental Mastery.
Short for Critical Damage.
Short for Critical Rate.
CV = (2 CR) + CD, it refers to the total amount of CRIT an artifact/character has. It's an indirect method of measuring a character's investment.
Refers to main stat builds using ATK% on the Sands, Dmg Bonus% on the Goblet, CRIT% on the Circlet.
Refers to main stat builds using EM on the Sands, Dmg Bonus% on the Goblet, CRIT% on the Circlet.
Weapons and Artifacts
Black Sword (Battle Pass weapon), Blizzard Strayer (artifact set), or Bloodstained Chivalry (another artifact set, preferably abbreviated as BSC).
Wolfs Gravestone, a 5-Star Claymore; or Waster Greatsword for the memes, a 1-Star Claymore.
Viridescent Hunt, a 4-Star Bow obtained from the Battle Pass, may also be abbreviated as VHunt.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers. A 3-Star Catalyst that grants a large ATK% buff to another member of the party upon swapping.
Heart of Depth, an artifact set for Hydro characters or Harbinger of Dawn, one of the better 3-Star swords.
Noblesse Oblige, an artifact set that provides a universal +20% ATK Bonus.
Viridescent Venerer, an artifact set that buffs Anemo and Swirl DMG; or Vortex Vanquisher, a 5-Star Polearm that only appeared once on the Weapon Banner.
Emblem of Severed Fate, an artifact set which is known for its strength and the domains overall resin efficiency.
Crimson Witch of Flames, an artifact set that increases Pyro DMG Bonus by 15% for the 2-Piece; It also increases Vaporize, Melt, Burning and Overloaded reaction damage as its 4-Piece bonus, using an Elemental Skill increases the 2-Piece Bonus by 50% of its starting value for 10s up to 3 stacks.
Standardized Combat Notation:
N = Normal Attack
C = Charged Attack
W = Walk
D = Dash
J = Jump
Prefixed numbers indicate the number of repetitions, while the suffix number after N describes the position of the hit in a NA string, this can be from 1 to 6 depending on the character. Walking is a common way to animation cancel NAs, while Jumping and Dashing are common ways to cancel CAs, so one of these letters is often placed at the end of a combo.
8N1CD means doing the 1st NA, a CA, dashing to cancel the CA animation, then repeating the combo until it has been performed a total of 8 times.
Many team compositions have full rotations that can be listed out using combat notation, and are typically repeatable sequences. Annotations for different buffs are typically not listed explicitly like Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers.
Tartaglia E > Swap Bennett Q > Kazuha Q > Xiangling EQ > Tartaglia
Normal Attacks, an attack string that consists of 1-6 hits, depending on the character.
Auto Attacks, a common but informal way of saying NA.
Charged Attacks, which do more damage that Normal Attacks but consume stamina (although some characters have passives that reduce said stamina).
Elemental Skill, E is the default shortcut on PC.
Elemental Burst, Q is the default shortcut on PC.
The number of frames after a hitmark that is required before another action can be input. They can be canceled by movement commands like dashes or jumps.
Using Venti's Held Elemental Skill, many characters can perform extremely quick animation cancels. They perform ground attack moves by cancelling them with rapid jumps.
Many attacks in Genshin Impact can be cancelled by inputting a movement command, jump, or dash. They either provide better positioning or a way to avoid long recovery periods.
Team Composition Terms
Battery: A character that generates Energy to fund another characters Burst. Typically you battery using a character with the same Element for increased efficiency, and swap off the battery unit immediately after using their Elemental Skill.
Burst Support = A character that swaps onto the field to deal large damage with their Burst.
Hypercarry/Selfish Carry: A team is focused entirely around maximizing the damage dealt by a single character (the selfish carry) during their period of time where they deal the most damage, but are unable to swap off.
On-field = The character who spends the most time on the field, usually spending more time on-field than all the other characters combined.
Permafreeze = A team centered around permanently freezing enemies to capitalize on the 4-pc. Blizzard Strayer bonus.
PP (Pure Pyro) = A team centered around maximizing Pyro uptime on enemies to capitalize on the 4-pc. Lavawalker's bonus.
Quickswap = A team that has no dedicated carry, spending very little time using normal/charged attacks. These teams deal damage through the use of swapping between characters to use lower cooldown Elemental Skills and Bursts.
Sub-DPS = Characters outside of the main carry that deal damage, usually through their Skills/Burst
Enabler = A character that deploys a Skill or Burst that works even when the character is off-field. Usually, they apply Elements to "enable" reactions.
Support = Characters whose value to the team isnt to deal damage, but to provide utility.
Cleanser = A character that has a Skill/Burst that applies an Element onto themselves to cleanse off leyline disorders.
Healers/Shielders = As the name states, characters that increase the survivability of your other characters by providing healing or shields
VV = An Anemo character with 4 set Viridescent Venerer on to reduce the Elemental RES of the enemy
For a more in-depth look at reactions, there is a whole section dedicated to them in the TCL.
Amplified(Amped) = A category for reactions, which Melt and Vaporize fall into. Amped reactions multiply the trigger by a specific multiplier, for more details go to General Reaction Mechanics .
Aura = If a targetable entity is currently not affected by any Element, the next Elemental source will apply an aura.
Aura Tax = The aura tax reduces the gauge application from Elemental sources by a multiplier of 0.8.
Coexisting/Underlying Aura = In certain situations (e.g. Electro-Charged) multiple auras of different Elements may exist on the same entity.
Elemental Decay = An aura will persist a certain duration depending on the type of Elemental source. Think of the duration as a gauge that can decay or be reduced in 2 ways:
Via time (A, B, C)
The gauge will decay over time. Each letter represents a different decay rate, which can be referenced in Notation. Once the gauge empties, the Elemental aura disappears.
Via reactions (GU)
When you apply an Elemental trigger to an existing Elemental aura, a certain amount of the gauge is consumed. If an amount remains, then the aura will persist after the reaction. If the gauge is fully consumed, the aura disappears.
Elemental Gauge / Gauge Units (GU) = The strength of an Elemental source, which dictates how much of the aura is consumed when a reaction occurs.
See Gauge Unit Database to see each sources U value
Elemental Source = An Element-imbued attack or Skill that will apply an Element on the enemy. All Elemental sources should have the decay and GU appended.
Internal Cooldown (ICD) = A hidden timer that occurs when an Elemental source applies an aura or trigger to an enemy. For more details, see our page on ICDs.
During this ICD, repeated use of that specific Elemental source WILL do Elemental damage, but WILL NOT apply an aura/trigger
Reverse [Melt/Vaporize] = A Vaporize or Melt reaction where the trigger gets a 1.5x modifier.
Is also referred to as Cryo Melt, Pyro Vaporize, Weak Melt/Vaporize
Swirled Aura = An aura that's applied through the use of Swirl spreading the aura of one enemy to a different enemy.
Transformative = A category for reactions, which Overload, Electro-Charged, Superconduct, Freeze, Shatter, Swirl, and Crystallize fall into.
Transformative reactions deal damage based on the trigger character level and their EM, for more details go to General Reaction Mechanics
Trigger = If a targetable entity has an existing aura, the next Elemental source will act as a trigger for a reaction.
Unit Modifier = A system of modifiers that apply to Elemental sources.
This modifier can increase or decrease how much of the aura is consumed in reactions.
As the theorycrafting library is being migrated, many of these terms do not have their corresponding entries linked yet.
Cancels = A tech you use to leave animations early. There are a few ways you can perform cancels, which are dependent on the character and attack.
Variants: Walk Cancel, Dash Cancel, Jump Cancel
Cleanse = A method of cleaning auras off of characters by self-applying an Element from certain Skills/Bursts of characters. For more information see our page on cleanses
Hitlag = Whenever a character hits a target, frames get Frozen to give the player a sense of "weight" behind each attack.
The amount of hitlag depends on the target hit
Range characters and Skills aren't affected by hitlag
Poise/Interruption Resistance = A system that determines how difficult it is for a character to be staggered, see our poise page for more information.
For more information see our page on poise.
Force = Determines what level stagger will occur
Poise = All units have a hidden poise bar which decreases when receiving attacks that deal "poise damage". When the poise bar is depleted to 0, the unit becomes "vulnerable".
Stagger = An animation that occurs when a unit is vulnerable (poise bar is 0) and they receive an attack that may interrupt their current action and may displace them a certain distance.
There are 5 different levels of stagger, ranging from 0 to 4, that describe what stagger animation occurs
Vulnerable = A status that occurs when a unit's poise bar is 0. The next attack received by a vulnerable unit may stagger them depending on the level of the stagger (0 = nothing, 1-4 = stagger)
Vulnerability = A modifier that affects the amount of poise damage taken from an attack
Basic Thoma Mechanics
New frame data - Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data - YouTube
E: 1U - Imgur
Q Initial Hit: 2U - Imgur
Q Coordinated ATK: 1U - Imgur
NA follows standard ICD - YouTube
Thoma Q follows standard ICD - YouTube / Deprecated frame data - Imgur
Q initial hit and coordinated attack do not share ICD - YouTube
Q is dynamic - Imgur
When you gain shield from Thoma Q while E shield is up, it retains E shield HP while refreshing duration
Thoma Shield Mechanics
Thoma's Shield Strength gain from his A1 doesn't persist on swap.
Shield management. This discourages doing normals/stacking on Thoma before swapping.
Thoma's E counts as A1's condition to stack Shield Strength.
Q > E (1 stack): Imgur
Q > N1 > E (2 stack): Imgur
If you are keeping Thoma on field, doing Q > E > 4 normals is enough for max stacks.
A. Thoma's E refreshing the shield for Burst does not make it lose Shield Strength, it keeps those stacks (While it might be obvious, this is actually the direct opposite to Zhongli, whose refresh reverts his shield strength to 0).
B. However, losing it even tho Q is up and resets it all the way to 0 (in hindsight, this one is more obvious than above but since I already recorded it I'm throwing it here for extra clarity).
For A: Imgur
For B: Imgur
Significance: Shield management. In Thoma's case, refreshing his shield has no particular loss as opposed to Zhongli.
Extra Notes: In regards to C6, every time the shield gets refreshed during his Burst, the timer on the buff gets refreshed. Confirmed by
Thoma Q can proc mid-animation
Thoma Q duration can be extended with hitlag - w/o hitlag w/ hitlag
Thoma Q can be used with Kazuha to double VV
Thoma Q can be triggered by Raiden's attacks during her Elemental Burst
Fiery Collapse does not auto-target. The direction is according to the last orientation of the active character when AA is clicked.
C1: A Comrade's Duty
Some Anemo abilities can activate Thoma C1 - D.....K
Reliable: AMC hold E/Q, Sayu hold E
Unreliable: Kazuha hold/tap E, Q, Sucrose Q, AMC tap E
Cannot activate: Sucrose E, Sayu tap E, Sayu Q
The Kamisato Clan's housekeeper. A well-known "fixer" in Inazuma.
Thoma Quick Guide
6 Minute Guide to Thoma
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Thoma's E refreshing the shield for Burst does not make it lose Shield Strength.
Losing the shield will reset its stacks.
The initial hit of Crimson Ooyoroi and Fiery Collapse damage has separate ICDs.
The Blazing Barrier from Crimson Ooyoroi will stack with an existing shield created by Blazing Blessing, retaining the HP from the previous Blazing Barrier.
Thoma's Shield Strength gain from Imbricated Armor doesn't persist on swap.
Blazing Barriers obtained from both Thoma's Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst counts towards Imbricated Armor's condition to stack Shield Strength.
Shield Strength increase persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Every time Thoma's shield gets refreshed during Burst, the timer on Burning Heart's buff is refreshed.
Full Talent Values
An abnormal Electro elemental life form.
Although it might appear similar to an Oceanid, it does not possess her intelligence or memories.
That which drives the Thunder Manifestation is a much more primal fury.
It is said that these life forms will only descend like lightning upon places that play host to great lingering resentment, such as the fragmented Amakumo Peak, where the storm clouds ever roil. As long as the grudges of the island do not fade, so will the roaring thunder persist.
Like Specters, the Thunder Manifestation has a "Fury" bar which is initially empty. In its passive state, the Thunder Manifestation only unleashes strike probes and occasional shockwaves that increase its fury if the player is caught in them.
While not Enraged:
Flies into the air and releases several Electro probes around the arena that pulse intermittently.
Upon entering the range of these sigils while it is pulsing, the Thunder Manifestation gains 25% Rage.
Performs several lightning strikes randomly around the arena.
After reaching ~75% HP, if not enraged, unleashes a full Electro shockwave that deals Electro DMG and automatically enraging the Manifestation.
Teleports to any point of the arena instantly.
Curls up and rotates its wings, quickly slicing forward.
Flies into the air and roars, sending out Electro shockwaves in a huge AoE.
Summons two walls of lightning to the player's sides which quickly close in on them, dealing massive Electro damage on contact.
Forms five sets of electric feathers, and releases them against the player.
Flies and repositions itself near the border of the arena, then it dives forward in a straight line.
Flies up and calls forth several lightning bolts to descend upon the player. The bolts will strike in a circular area, and for every wave it will strike three times.
Charges up and targets the player with a thunder circle for a short duration. The circle will then stop and activate, unleashing an electrical prison that homes in on the player, dealing rapid, heavy Electro damage if touched or inside of.
A mysterious "lord" of Hilichurls that walks in thunder storms..
This huge Hilichurl is referred to as "Lawa" by its brethren. The giant body is saturated with Electro Energy, while the Elemental energy seeps through its cracks in its body in the form of Electro Crystal growths.
Punches its chest and gives a battle cry before infusing itself with an Electro armor. This attack will always be the first one attempted at the start of the fight, and can be done again after the armor is broken.
While protected by the armor, certain attacks will be upgraded.
Takes a wide right swing at the player.
Takes a left swing followed up by a right punch into the ground.
Goes into a crouch start position, and after a short delay quickly dashes in the direction of the player, inflicting large body slam damage..
Armor Upgrade: Throws itself at the player instantly with its hole body instead.
Executes a high, long jump to the player's location, dealing massive damage on its landing.
Armor Upgrade: Upon landing, sends out 4 chain lightnings in a + shape from the landing spot.
Leans forward, grabbing multiple Electro slimes to throw at the player from ranged distance. This move will not spawn any slimes, they're simply projectiles.
Armor Upgrade: Grabs a single large Electro slime instead.
The slime thrown can be a normal or mutant slime. If a mutant slime is thrown, it will create additional explosions on impact.
The following attack can only be used while protected by the armor: Smashes the ground with both fists, Summoning multiple lightning strikes in a small radius around itself. Sometimes this will be comboed with a 2nd smash which will summon a larger lightning strike in a medium radius around itself and summon 3 Electro shards.
The Electro shards left on the ground can be destroyed by Elemental reactions and heavy attacks. If they're not destroyed after a while, they'll explode in a moderate AoE.
New frame data - Google Sheets
New Burst frame data Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data:
E-reduced CA level 2 - 30 (38 with recovery)(count),
Q - 116
CA Lv.1, CA Lv. 2 Wreath Arrow, CA Lv. 2 Clusterbloom Arrow, E and Q : 1U
CA Lv.1 and CA Lv.2 Wreath Arrow have no ICD, CA Lv.2 Clusterbloom Arrow have 2.5s/4 Hits ICD.
C6 Additional CLusterbloom Arrow has no ICD.
E has no ICD and Q Tanglevine Shaft and Secondary Tanglevine Shaft DMG have normal ICD.
Snapshot - Google Sheets
Tighnari's E snapshots on activation. Video
Tighnari's Q Tanglevine Shaft snapshots when arrows are fired but the Q secondary Tanglevine Shaft is either dynamic or snapshots at individual times when they are created. Video
Tighnari's Wreath Arrow snapshots and Clustebloom arrows are either dynamic or snapshots at individual times when they are created. Video
Clusterbloom arrows have a small AoE with a radius of 1m. - Video
Tighnaris Clusterblooms have a max range before they disappear. - Video
If there is no target in range, clusterbloom arrows target where the wreath arrow hit. If there is a target in range, it prioritizes enemies over objects, even if the wreath arrow hits the object. If there are multiple targets, it only targets one of them. - Video
Clusterbloom arrows move in an upward and backward trajectory before homing towards the target. This can make them hit other objects like walls etc. - Video
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Tighnari Can Paralyze the Aeonblight Drake With 1 Aimed Shot
Tighnari can paralyze the Aeonblight Drake with 1 Aimed Shot instead of 2, but it has to be a Wreath Arrow (Charge Level 2). It only works when aiming at the bright core in the center of the weak spot on its wing. The Aimed Shot paralyzes one wing, and the Clusterbloom Arrows paralyze the other wing. Sara can also do this, but Ganyu, Yoimiya, Faruzan, and C1 Venti can't.
Other special Aimed Shots that don't work: YouTube (credits to and for some of the clips)
With some practice, this method can save a bit of time when fighting the Aeonblight Drake, since charging up a Wreath Arrow after casting Tighnari's Skill is faster than doing it again normally. It allows you to start setting up a rotation while the other wing gets paralyzed and the Aeonblight Drake falls down.
Tighnari's E snapshot at activation. - Video
Tighnari's E produces 3-4 Particles at a ratio of 1:1. - Video
The fastest that Tighnari's E-CA-CA-CA combo can be executed using a macro is 2:25 seconds, for a total of 145 frames. - Video
Tighnari E-CA-CA-CA takes roughly 3 seconds when done by a typical player. - Video
Doing E - CA before Q (C0) allows you to catch Particles during Burst. - Video
Doing E - CA before Q allows you to catch Particles during Burst - Video
A1: Keen Sight
Tighnari's A1 does not stack. - Video
A4: Scholarly Blade
Tighnari A4 Benefit From Percentage Based Em Buffs. - Video - Mr.
Hunter's passive and Tighnari A4 Benefit From Percentage Based Em Buffs
Hunter's passive and Tighnari A4 benefit from percentage-based EM buffs.
In the first video and the second video Tighnari hits twice with his Level 1 Aimed Shot and twice with his Elemental Burst, respectively, once before and once after Sucrose has triggered her A4. The attached calculations show that the passive of Hunter's Path and Tighnari A4 (both the CA DMG% and Burst DMG% part) benefit from Sucrose A4.
Confirmation that the bugfix introduced with the 3.1 update "Fixes an issue whereby effects gained based on a character's attribute were incorrectly increased" (genshin.hoyoverse.com) is actually true. Better knowledge of how percentage-based effects work.
C6: Karma Adjudged From the Leaden Fruit
Tighnari C6 CA deals 3 Instances of Spread. Video
Significance: Tighnaris C6 Additional Clusterbloom has no ICD.
Tighnari C6 E->CA works with BowTae ARCC. - Video and Video
Doing an ARCC C6 CA in between E and Q would still let Tighnari get generated Particles during his Burst - Video
Significance: A1 Passive can be triggered for 50 extra em before using his Burst while also getting Particles back.
A young researcher well-versed in botany who currently serves as a Forest Watcher in Avidya Forest. He is a straight shooter with a warm heart and a dab hand at guiding even the dullest of pupils.
Full Tighnari Written Guide
Tighnari can paralyze the Aeonblight Drake with 1 aimed shot using a Wreath Arrow.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Tighnari A4 benefits from percentage-based EM buffs.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Useful sheets, tools and sites.
Input artifacts and weapons and let it build your characters for you.
Team DPS simulator with detailed damage breakdowns.
Easy-to-use achievement tracker, character ascension planner, and simple damage calculator.
Wish tracker, character & weapon calculators, task lists, game database, and event timeline.
Collage generator for easy-to-share character build cards.
Automatically generated character build cards that use data from the in-game character showcase.
Official Interactive Map
HoYoverse's official interactive map of Teyvat.
Genshin Impact Spiral Abyss Drafter
Genshin Impact Spiral Abyss Drafter
Spiral Abyss team randomizer featuring a "preset team" mode that uses data from character guides and team databases.
Adventure Rank EXP Calculator
This is a tool that can calculate remaining AR EXP and time left before you can reach AR 45/50/55 given regular progress (no quests, etc).
Original Energy Recharge Calculator
A way to calculate the amount of Energy Recharge needed for each member of a team.
Monte Carlo Energy Recharge Calculator
An alternative way to calculate the amount of Energy Recharge needed for each member of a team. More accurate for handling characters with variable particle gen probabilities, though requires more user input and some loading time.
A calculator that determines the average amount of resin needed to upgrade characters, weapons, artifacts, etc. It includes the average cost of finding artifacts with the correct stats.
Calculates the effective trigger probabilities (ETP) and lowest CRIT Rate for desired ETP for Favonius weapons.
Kusanali TKP Proc Calculator
A calculator that can estimate the number of TKP procs Kusanali will get in a single rotation. It should be useful for figuring out rotations, doing damage calculations, and estimating Dendro application, among other things. The sheet contains explanations and instructions.
General Reaction Mechanics
Limitations of adjacent AoE Overload and Superconduct Damage
When Overload or Superconduct are triggered, reaction damage is dealt in an AoE around the target.
If Overload/Superconduct is triggered simultaneously on a group of close targets, is there a limit to the number of times that they will take reaction damage from adjacent units.
For example, if there are 4 electroslimes bundled together and you cast Kaeya E on all of them, will each slime take Superconduct damage 4 times? (once for each slime).
Overload and Superconduct have a maximum number of times (twice) that it can be triggered on an enemy within a short period of time.
See the two below screenshots and comments. We already know that Swirl can only proc twice on each enemy maximum from a translated document, which looks in line with these results.
Here you can see Kaeya has hit all 3 enemies with his E ability (the 516 numbers), but all nearby enemies only show 2 Superconduct damage procs (the 415 numbers)
For Overload, you can see here that MC has Swirled Pyro to each of the electric slimes (the 771 numbers), but each enemy only takes a single Overload damage instance (the 7717 figure) despite the fact that each enemy should probably proc Overload separately for the AoE damage. Note that I also tested this using Amber's ultimate to make sure that Swirling wasn't causing this, which yielded the same results and I can show that image too/instead. It's just harder to see what's happening in that one.
This strongly caps the potential AoE damage from both reactions, making Superconduct always strictly worse than Swirl and Overload in terms of damage.
Transformative Reactions Are Hits From Your Character
A few of the transformative reactions counts as hits/damage from your character.
It is possible to stack Royal weapons and trigger Favonius weapons with these sources of damage. For the Bloom series of reactions, they can trigger Favonius weapons with Nahida's C2.
Single-target Swirl YouTube
Notes: This list matches what Raiden's Skill triggers from. It was in our face the whole times.
Note for Royal weapons: If the talent scaling attack doesn't CRIT and one of the above reactions happen, it still only stacks a single time.
Some stuff like Raiden's Skill or Fillet Blade, I guess.
Transformative Reactions Snapshot On Generation
Transformative reactions snapshot reaction damage bonuses when they are generated.
Swirls: On the attack.
AoE Swirls: When it hits the enemy.
Superconduct: On the attack.
Overload: On the attack.
Shatter: On the attack. (Required Crystallize to trigger 4pc In.)
4pc Instructors was used to test triggering multiple of the reactions (though that doesn't matter for Overload).
Swirls/AoE Swirls: YouTube
Is this literally just "4pc In doesn't work on the first attack"? Yeah, but also much more formalized on our understanding of game mechanics, and also to stop people from saying "transformatives don't snapshot EM". Everything decides what values to use at some point in time.
Overload Reaction ICD
Overload, and so far Overload alone, seems to have a reaction specific icd of 0.5 sec (15 frames in 30 FPS and 30 frames in 60 FPS) where enemies overloaded or hit by the AoE caused by an Overload procced by one character is then immune to the damage caused by Overload procced by that character for 0.5 seconds. They still suffer the same effects except damage, such as gauge reduction and stagger.
clip 1: after gaining 2u Electro from beidou tap e, klee n1c, but only produces damage of 1 Overload. Enemy is cleansed, therefore the reaction did occur but no damage is dealt after Overload 1.
clip 2: the second treasure hoarder hit is hit by 2 overloads, 1 originating from himself and the other from an ally hit by Overload. However, despite being in a cluster of 3 enemies hit in the second Overload as evidenced by hit double knockback, only 2 numbers appear, showing his invulnerability to the Overload the second time.
clip 3 and 4: in both cases, the enemy is first hit by 4u from beidou.
Then, in clip 3, Guoba is summoned, who then attacks within 3 frames of klee who autoattacks. 2 Overload numbers appear.
In clip 4, Guoba is not summoned, and klee just n1cs. 1 Overload number.
clip 5: bennett applies gauge 3 times from level 2 e, but only causes 2 overloads. the last hit is past the 0.5sec timer.
clip 6: Klee n1cs 2 different enemies, and overloads twice.
clip 7: Rosaria double Superconducts, proving Superconduct does not follow the same rules.
clip 8: This shows that multiple overloads not happening within 0.5sec caused by the same character to the same enemy is not a visual glitch. Else, the Fatui would have died.
clip 9: original vid
Overloads occur at: 0.5, 2.0, 2.5, 3.0, 3.5, 4.1, 5.0
As evidence of every enemy getting hit with Overload. Lisa ult is just above the icd, and proves that the icd is at least <0.5 sec, as lisa attacks every 0.5 seconds, and she can cause overloads to all enemies every tick.
Screenshot of 5 overloads
clip 10: extra vid proving lisa is on the edge of the ICD.
Not much, since gauge applications are already quite slow, so there isn't much detriment to a low damage reaction having an ICD between uses that is so short its usually out by the time the next application comes by. Might become more significant with a few more Pyro off-field enablers.
Overload on Electrocuted Water Bodies
You can trigger Overload on electrocuted bodies of water.
Find an ore near a body of water
Apply Electro to body of water (e.g. Lisa charged attack)
Apply Pyro to body of water (e.g. Bennett E)
Observe overloaded sound effect and nearby ores breaking
Credits to @Way for the initial finding.
Potential shenanigans vs. Oceanid?
Alternative mining method (terrible, but hey)
Order of operations - does this mean Overload overrides Vaporize? (We now know you can trigger both reactions at once).
The 12 Second Duration of Superconduct
Or well, more like extra verification since this isn't actually in the library yet and I know people throw around "8 seconds" a lot, but Superconduct actually lasts for 12 seconds. This is not (noticeably) affected by anything like EM or Skill level or GU etc, seems to be static.
Diona is perfectly viable for SC uptime even without Sacrificial Bow when using only Hold E, leaving only 3 seconds to cover if she was the one to trigger SC in the first place (and it will usually be your Electro character instead, further closing the downtime)
In addition, like other debuffs/buffs as has been recently discovered, it is affected by hitlag extending the duration, further closing the gap for her Hold E cooldown.
Superconduct Mechanic Update
Superconduct has a reaction specific ICD of 0.5s, where enemies will only take a maximum of 2 instances of Superconduct damage triggered by one character. They still suffer gauge reduction and stagger from further Superconduct triggered by the same character within that 0.5s, even without taking Superconduct damage.
In the first clip Ayaka triggers and deals Superconduct DMG with both her Dash and N1 on Ruin Guard, which resulted in 2 instances of Superconduct DMG. In the second clip, Ayaka triggers Superconduct with her Dash in AoE, dealing 2 instances of Superconduct DMG on each Hilichurl, her following N1 triggers another instances of Superconduct on the 2 Hilichurls to the right, staggers and reduces the Electro gauge on them but does not deal any Superconduct DMG.
Better understanding of Superconduct reaction.
In Electro-Charged, both Hydro and Electro auras may coexist and persist together.
This means that when you use a Hydro/Electro trigger on a Electro/Hydro aura, you are simultaneously adding a second Elemental gauge and reducing the first Elemental gauge.
The Elemental trigger normally disappears after any reaction. In Electro-Charged, it can persist as an aura.
Electro-Charged can also spread to adjacent targets if the following conditions are fulfilled
Trigger Electro-Charged on an enemy with Electro
Surrounding enemies have a Hydro aura
NOTE: The chain lightning simply applies the Electro damage. It will not apply auras.
The strength (~9 or ~12s) of the aura matters when calculating how long Electro-Charged will last.
Why is this significant?
Easy maintenance of Electro aura on an enemy for 4TS, Lions roar effect.
Easier to trigger reactions if the triggering Element persists as an aura instead of disappearing (as it would normally in all other Transformative reactions)
Consider the following Electro-Charged concepts:
Electro-Charged damage ticks once per second starting from the initial reaction. In other words, EC has a CD of 1 second and can only damage an enemy once per second. Multiple ECs on one enemy cannot exist.
Refer to this video. Each tick of Electro-Charged (777 damage) appears 60 frames apart.
There is 1 exception to the 1 tick/second rule which is covered below.
When Electro-Charged occurs, it removes a certain duration from both Hydro and Electro auras. Every second thereafter, it will continue to tick as long as there is at least 0.5s of Electro and Hydro aura remaining. The duration removed from each aura depends on the strength of the original Elemental aura
Please refer to Zephans post for evidence
If an Electro-Charged reaction occurs such that the remaining Hydro or Electro aura is 1s>x>0.5s, there will be an early second tick of Electro-Charged before the 1 second interval.
If an Electro-Charged reaction occurs such that the remaining Hydro or Electro aura is <0.5s, there will NOT be an early second tick of Electro-Charged.
Please read below for explanations and video evidence.
What determines how much duration is removed from an existing Electro/Hydro aura?
If a strong Electro or Hydro aura is applied, each tick of Electro-Charged removes ~3s of duration.
If a weak Electro or Hydro aura is applied, each tick of Electro-Charged removes ~5s of duration
Example of Strong Electro trigger into Strong Hydro aura
Example of Weak Electro trigger into Strong Hydro aura
Example of Strong Hydro trigger into Strong Electro aura
Example of Strong Hydro trigger into Weak Electro aura
What if either the Strong Hydro or Electro aura has <3s (or Weak has <5s) when a tick happens?
Answer: A strong aura with <3s is removed after the tick. A weak aura with <5s is removed after the tick.
0.0s: Electrocharged is triggered.
Weak Hydro aura = 5s left
Weak Electro aura = 12s left
Weak Hydro aura = ~4s left
Weak Electro aura = ~11s left
1.00s: Electrocharged ticks
Weak Hydro aura = complete reduction and removed from enemy
Weak Electro aura = ~6s left (reaction consumes 5s and time decay consumes another 1s for total consumption of 6s)
Please note that in the above scenario, if more Hydro aura is added before 5.00s, there may be enough for Hydro aura to persist on the enemy after the reaction.
What if you refill a strong aura with a weak aura or vice versa? Does the amount of duration reduction from the next Electro-Charged tick change?
The reduction is based on the strength of the aura last applied to the enemy.
For example, if you refill a strong Hydro aura with a weak Hydro aura, the next Electro-Charged tick will consume 5s.
For example, if you refill a weak Electro aura with a strong Electro aura, the next Electro-Charged tick will consume 3s
What if there is insufficient Electro or Hydro aura left to make it to the next tick?
0.0s: Electrocharged is triggered.
Hydro aura = 0.8s left
Electro aura = 7s left
Following this scenario, after 0.8s, we would run out of Hydro aura so what happens? There will be an exception to the 1 tick/second rule and the next tick will occur WHEN the Hydro aura runs out
0.8s: Electrocharged ticks
Hydro aura = complete reduction and removed from enemy
Electro aura = ~1.2s left (reaction consumes 5s and time decay consumes 0.8s for a total of 5.8s reduction)
Video evidence - note how after waiting out the Electro aura, Barbara triggers Electro-Charged and the next tick occurs BEFORE the 1 second interval. This is because when the Electro aura runs out, it prompts an early 2nd Electro-Charged tick.
Please note that in the above scenario, if more Hydro aura is added before 0.8s, then the next Electro-Charged tick will occur normally at the next 1s interval.
There will not be a second early tick if the remaining Electro/Hydro aura after a tick is <0.5s.
What if after an Electro-Charged trigger or tick, <0.5s remains from either the Electro or Hydro auras?
0.0s: Electrocharged is triggered.
Hydro aura = 0.4s left
Electro aura = 7s left
If we go according to the above finding, we would expect there to be a second early EC tick. However, this is not the case.
0.4s: No damage instance
Hydro aura = complete reduction and is removed from enemy
Electro aura = ~6.6s left
Video evidence - note how after Barbara triggers Electro-Charged, there is NO SECOND HIT of Electro-Charged. We theorise that this is due to the fact that <0.5s remains for the Electro aura after the initial Electro-Charged trigger.
What determines whether Electro-Charged damage is calculated using the Electro or Hydro user?
The first Electro-Charged damage tick is determined by the trigger character.
For example, if Keqing applies an Electro source to an enemy with a Hydro aura, there will be a Keqing Electro-Charged tick.
Subsequent Electro-Charged damage ticks are determined by the last character to apply an Elemental source before the next Electro-Charged tick.
For example, Keqing has triggered the first Electro-Charged at 0 seconds with double cast E.
At 0.5 seconds, she applies another Electro source via an Electro-imbued autoattack
At 0.9 seconds, a XingQiu Q sword applies Hydro source
At 1.0 seconds, a XingQiu Electro-Charged tick will occur because the last Elemental source applied was via XQ sword.
Alternatively, considering the same scenario listed above
At 0.9 seconds, XingQiu Q sword applies Hydro source
At 0.95 seconds, Keqing applies an Electro source via an Electro-imbued autoattack
At 1.0 seconds, a Keqing Electro-Charged tick will occur because the last Elemental source applied was via Keqing Electro-imbued autoattack
Video evidence - note how the first Electro-Charged ticks for 1713 (KQ Electro-Charged) and the second Electro-Charged ticks for 777 (XQ Electro-Charged). This is because prior to the 2nd tick, the last Elemental source applied was XQ orbital swords.
Frame testing values of Electro-Charged triggered by Keqing Electro-imbued autoattack
0f: EC triggered (but damage hasnt gone through yet)
4f: appearance of Normal Attack damage
8f: appearance of Electro-Charged DMG value (the damage value, not the word Electro-Charged) and HP reduction in HP bar
62f: disappearance of Electro-Charged DMG value
68f: appearance of 2nd Electro-Charged DMG value and HP reduction in HP bar
How Hitlag affects Electro-Charged
Skills with hitlag behave differently for Electrocharged than Skills without hitlag. This may also affect other elements, only tested with Electrocharge.
It is possible to get 5 Electro-Charged ticks from a 19s (1u -> 2u) aura using Razor or Beidou. In this video, we see this is not possible to do with Lisa's Held Skill. In this video, I have synced up the moment the 2u Electro Skill deals damage (Beidou's actual Elemental application is a few frames earlier, but is difficult to measure due to hitlag).
In Lisa's video on the left, you can see that there is no lingering Electro after 4 ticks, which is the result we would normally expect.
In Beidou's video on the right, there is a lingering Electro after 4 ticks. This is not because I took longer to apply Childe's Hydro: in fact, Childe applies Hydro SOONER in Lisa's video, which would normally lead to a longer lingering Electro when using Beidou or Razor. These results can be reproduced consistently when comparing Lisa's 2u Held Skill to Razor or Beidou's 2u Skills.
Going 1u Electro into either type of Skill still produces a 19s duration Electro aura, so the duration of both cases are the same. They both still apply 2u Electro.
The only difference between these that I know of is hitlag. Is it possible the Hitlag is somehow causing these Skills to skip Aura Tax, or to extend the 2u in some other way?
EDIT: My current belief is that doing this order of 1u Electro -> 2u Razor/Beidou E -> 2u Hydro is bugged, and causes the 4th tick of Electrocharged to not consume any Electro gauge. The remaining duration on the lingering Electro matches this hypothesis.
Hitlag may be throwing off a lot of our testing, definitely in Electro-Charged and possibly in other elements. Hopefully this is some sort of bug.
Gauge Decay Rates of Hydro and Electro Auras
Gauge decay rates are separate for auras of different elements.
In the clip YouTube provided by the following happens: 1U Electro followed by 2U Electro followed by 2U Hydro (the Hydro application happens 59 frames after the 2U Electro application). Then, after 4 Electro-Charged ticks the Hydro aura is completely removed whereas Electro aura persists for another 0.5 seconds despite the fact that it was applied before the Hydro.
This phenomenon can be explained by a theory that different auras have separate decay rates. That is, when we applied 2U Hydro it did not inherit the 1U decay rate of the Electro aura but rather has its own 2U decay rate.
The case for 2U aura at 1U decay rate (with Electro-Charged ticks starting at t = 59/60 sec as in the clip) can be found here: https://www.desmos.com/calculator/dvuggrzysj
The green graph indicate the usual 2U at 1U decay with the initial 20% gauge drop (aura tax). It predicts that after 4EC ticks
EDIT: there is no gauge left at all and no Electro aura persists.
The red graph does not contain aura tax (which implies that it happened when the 1U Electro aura applied and that the second slower decay rate persists after the aura was refreshed with the 2U Electro). As we can see, after 4EC ticks there is 0.53 seconds of Electro aura left which is exactly what happens in the clip.
One step closer to understanding Electro-Charged I guess.
EC + Heavy Hits Stagger Lock
Electro-Charged + heavy hit instances can stagger lock.
YouTube video lost to the sands of time
Apply Electro-Charged and deal heavy hits to target
Stagger resistance will be reduced
A threshold will be met and allows Electro-Charged heavy hits to stun lock Ruin Guard
Applying Electro-Charged (EC) and dealing heavy hits (HH) on Ruin Guards appears to reduce the Ruin Guard's stun resistance. This will eventually allow the Ruin Guard to be stun locked without weak point hits. Stun will continue until Electro-Charged and HH application expires.
First clip 0:00-0:40
Evidence that this is practicable in the overworld
Xingqiu's Q + Beidou's Q = Electro-Charged normal attacks
Xiao's Q empowers normal attacks and plunges to be HH capable
Using Electro-Charged N1CJP for a duration will put the Ruin Guard into a pseudo stun state
EC application expires
Xiao's Q expires and loses HH potential
Ruin guard is no longer stun locked and resumes attacking
The weak point hit at 0:20 was accidental and does not contribute to Electro-Charged/HH stunning.
Second clip 0:41-2:04
Evidence that this is practicable in the abyss. Timestamps are of heavy hit instances.
01:10 - Xiao's N1CP stuns
01:20 - Xingqiu's Q stun
01:28 - Beidou's perfect E stun
01:30 - Beidou's Q stun
01:37 - Xiao's N1CP stun resumes
Ruin guards can be disabled without weak point hits
Ruin guards can be more easily CC'd in close-quarters
AoE DMG can be more easily consolidated
Incoming DMG can be mitigated
Abyss teams can forgo the need for an archer to disable Ruin Guards
Quadruple Electro-Charged with 1 Electro and multiple Hydro
With an excessive amount of Hydro application and a lot of hitlag, 4 Electro charged procs is possible with only one application of Electro.
This is not expected by the current Elemental Gauge Theory. EGT currently states that: "Each tick of Electro-Charged consumes 0.4GU from both Hydro and Electro gauges."
The amount of Electro gauge should therefore not be enough to support 4 ticks of Electro-Charged. Thus, this is either a bug, or Electro-Charged has additional mechanics that we are unaware of. This finding is similar to How Hitlag affects Electro-Charged. Though, it notably shows that the bug may be based both on hitlag as well as another factor, as one of the triple Electro-Charged ticks (still strange) is done without hitlag (Lisa and orbitals and melody loop).
Electro-Charged ticks are not affected by hitlag
Electrocharged ticks are not affected by hitlag, and happen every 60 frames. The actual Electro and Hydro auras' decay rates, however, are affected by hitlag. Therefore causing lots of hitlag during Electrocharged effectively reduces the decay rate of the elements.
Video: 2U Duration with no hitlag: 728 frames
Video: 2U Duration with 3 Beidou Normal's hitlag: 749 frames
Hitlag extension: 21 frames
Video: EC Tick timing with no hitlag
1288 (1st tick's damage text is always late to appear)
Video: EC Tick timing with 3 Beidou Normal's hitlag
Video: EC Tick timing with Xiangling hitlag, for maximum hitlag
All Electro-Charged ticks, in cases with and without hitlag, were either exactly 60 frames apart, or 1 or 2 frames late at most. While the Aura duration with a similar amount of hitlag in the Beidou case was a whole 21 frames late. The Xiangling case should have had even more hitlag.
This seems like an extension of the TCL finding that Deployables' attack speed, duration etc are not affected by hitlag. EC is not caused directly by your character, it's almost like a deployable damage source attached to the enemy, so it appears to follow similar rules.
You can extend the duration of auras involved in Electro-Charged by using hitlag. This also technically improves the DPS of Electro-Charged comps very slightly, as even if your character's DPS slows down slightly due to hitlag, EC continues to damage the enemy at the same rate.
However keep in mind the limiting factor for Electro-Charged is usually the reduction per-tick, not the duration of the involved auras. Also, most Electro-Charged teams apply more Electro and Hydro than they need to maintain Electrocharged, and so never require the additional tick.
Electro-Charged Snapshots EM Until Reapplying
Electro-Charged is one of the most popular reactions, and due to its nature of dealing damage over time, its interactions with changes in Elemental mastery deserve investigation. This ticket will demonstrate possible interactions of characters applying Electro and Hydro with changing Elemental mastery.
Electro-charge deals damage over time and its snapshot interactions with changing Elemental mastery hasn't been noted in the library.
This method used was C2 Sara with 4-Piece Instructors to apply Electro twice alongside Barbara Hydro reactions to the Ruin Guard at Yaoguang Shoal.
The Electro-charge reaction snapshots the Elemental mastery value at the time of reaction, but the value is updated when aura is re-applied by any character to that of the applying character's.
Electro-Charged (EC) is one of the most popular reactions, being a key component behind many teams, such as the teams in the taser archetype. As it is a transformative reaction, its damage mainly scales with the Elemental mastery (EM) stat. While it's known to some that the reaction snapshots the EM stat of whoever reacted, it's not listed anywhere in the library (specifically the Transformative Reactions page, the Elemental Gauge Theory page, and the egt-rewrite draft). This ticket aims to remedy that and investigate its interactions deeper.
Electro-Charged snapshots the EM value of the character that caused the reaction or re-applied aura.
To investigate this there are four tests that need to be completed.
EC damage when EM changes. No re-applying from characters.
EC damage when EM changes. Same source re-applying.
EC damage when a different source re-applies an Element.
EC damage when a source re-applies then changes EM without re-applying.
While the above tests don't specify an Element, and they should be done with both elements for both reaction and re-applying, that would quadruple the number of tests. The current elements are used for brevity and ease of testing (written in the format of reacting and re-application):
A fifth test was also considered:
EC damage when a source re-applies then changes EM then re-applies.
This is a follow-on from 4 by adding 2.
For test 4, the original character causing the reaction doesn't need have their EM change, so the Instructor set on Sara can be removed to reduce any changes. This is not a concern for test 3, where changing EM values for the second applier is not an issue. While this test should logically follow that the EM value of the second applier will be snapshotted, this is a game from miHoYo and we cannot be sure of anything.
The enemy chosen to do these tests on is the Ruin Guard at Yaoguang Shaol, as it is usually already wet from the water around it. This water is not a concern as it only acts as a source of Hydro to get the reaction started, and cannot cause the Electro-Charged reaction itself.
Sara was chosen to apply Electro, as she has an easy source of two Electro applications with her E at C2 and her CA. The explosion of the feather from her CA will be a third application of Electro, but that doesn't factor.
Barbara was chosen to re-apply Hydro. This is because she can apply it off-field consistently, and she can also use Widsith to increase her own EM simply by switching in.
What causes EM changes will be 4-Piece Instructors and Widsith. Instructors triggers on a reaction allowing for easy testing, and Widsith triggers on switching in (a third of the time).
If test 5 is to be done, Razor will be applying Electro with his E as Sara's Electro application is only 1U for all her attacks.
YouTube (from the finding of 4-Piece Instructor not apply to the triggering hit)
YouTube (forgot stat screen, but 5 basically has the first half of this but with different equipment)
From 1, we can see that the damage was constant despite the EM of Sara being increased from 4-pc In.
Comparing 2 to 1, we see that re-applying the Element from the same source increases the damage as EM increased.
From 3, we see that the damage increased when a difference source applied an aura, even if the words "Electro-Charged" didn't appear.
While the stat screen of 4 isn't shown, the damage doesn't change even after Barbara gets an increase in EM from Widsith. Even though that may not seem clear at a first viewing, going through the video frame-by-frame will show that the first 3352 Electro-Charged ticks appears when Beidou is on the field.
Test 5 aligns with the results of 4 and 2. When Barbara re-applies Hydro, it updates to the new (and higher) EM value that she has.
The current interpretation is that the Electro-Charged reaction snapshots the Elemental mastery value of whoever last applied an Element to the enemy when they applied it.
This ticket has thoroughly explored how Electro-Charged interacts with changing EM values, for both on- and off-field characters. The main finding is that it snapshots the EM of whoever last applied an Element for the reaction. This information can be used to more effectively build and play team comps that revolve around Electro-Charged, and this can be added to the library.
A major concern would be that the water messes with reactions. While water cannot cause the Electro-Charged reaction, it still applies Hydro to the Ruin Guard. This can be fixed by testing on different enemies.
An example would be the Ruin Guard by the teleport marker at Luhua Pool. However, this runs into the issue of keeping Hydro gauge filled consistently with few applications is difficult. Childe or Mona would be ideal, as Childe can apply 2U from entering his melee stance and Mona applies 2U on the pop of her Q's bubble.
A Hydro slime can be used for purposes of always having Hydro, but that encounters similar issues as using water.
What happens if we have a Hydro slime with Electro-Charged on it, with a Ruin Guard with Hydro a bit away from it, then use Sucrose to Swirl the Hydro onto the Electro-Charged slime.
Does that re-apply Hydro and update the EM values? Before this is even tested, I'll say it's probably "yes".
Other Findings (by):
Barbara (and likely other characters with similar abilities) can apply Hydro to Hydro slimes, even if they're immune to Hydro damage. The relevancy here is that characters can up-date the EM snapshot of Electro-Charged as long as they apply the Element.
EC has a cooldown. An enemy can only take one instance of Electro-Charged damage in ~0.5s.
EC AoE ticks count as Electro-Charged damage, thus a tick will start Electro-Charged icd and deal no damage if it lands when the cooldown is active.
EC AoE ticks reset damage cooldown and restart 1s timer for the next Electro-Charged tick (as long as auras don't run out).
These two together will cause a cascading effect of syncing up Electro-Charged ticks.
EC icd not here, around 0.5s
Secondary tick needs Electro-Charged to be off cooldown
Primary tick needs Electro-Charged to be off cooldown
Ticks will sync up
Time your ECs, or not.
EC AoE Changes Ownership on Other Electro-Charged'd Enemies
EC AoE ticks change ownership on other Electro-Charged'd enemies.
Sara's Electro-Charged (2215 DMG ticks) on the left Slime arcs to the right Slime and takes ownership of Electro-Charged from Lisa, as shown by the subsequent 2215 DMG tick on the right Slime.
This can either increase or decrease your damage.
This also has a cascading effect as the changed ownership can also spread to more enemies with subsequent AoE ticks.
EC Ticks Are Neither Reactions Nor Hits
Finding: The ticks of the Electro-Charged reaction don't count as neither hitting an enemy or triggering a reaction.
AoE WGS: YouTube
Electro resonance: YouTube
AoE Electro resonance: YouTube
Significance: You only trigger the reaction at the start with the attack that hit.
EC Ticks Only Consume Hydro and Electro Gauge When Both are Present
Electro-Charged ticks only consumes Hydro and Electro gauge when both Hydro and Electro are present.
No gauge consumption without Electro
No gauge consumption without Electro (AoE)
Gauge consumption (AoE)
There's potential for abuse with net limiters or with rotations that removes Electro gauge the instant the Electro attack lands, but not much else.
EC Ticks Only Consume Gauge When They Deal Damage
Electro-Charged ticks only remove gauge when they deal damage. Both gauges will still decay naturally over time though, with or without damage.
Gauge is removed when connection to server is re-established and damage is dealt
Normal gauge decay
Better understanding of how Electro-Charged works.
Zero Gauge Attacks Don't Change Electro-Charged Ownership
0 gauge Electro attacks don't change Electro-Charged ownership.
Nothing, considering the only 0 gauge attacks are Lisa's Q's initial damage and her plunge collision for Electro, and the three Hydro catalyst user's plunge collisions for Hydro.
That said, this emphasises that the AoE portion of Electro-Charged changes ownership through a different mechanism than just dealing Electro damage.
EC Hydro Aura Electro Trigger Interaction is Bugged
Electro when used to trigger Electro-Charged cannot persist as Electro aura after the Electro-Charged ticks, even when Electro gauge is greater than the Hydro gauge.
1U Hydro into 2U Electro: No Electro after Electro-Charged (bugged since Electro should persist).
1U Hydro into 4U Electro: No Electro after Electro-Charged (bugged since Electro should persist, no idea why Hydro aura persists for some time).
1U Electro into 2U Hydro: Hydro persists as aura after Electro-Charged (not bugged).
1U Hydro into 1U Electro: No Electro (bugged, Electro should persist, no idea why the Hydro aura persists).
4U Electro 1U Hydro: Electro persists (not bugged).
2U Hydro into 2U Electro and 2U Hydro into 1U Electro: Hydro persists (not bugged).
1U Electro into 1U Hydro: No Electro or Hydro after Electro-Charged (not bugged).
If a Hydro aura exists on an enemy, Electro can at most apply the same amount of gauge units as the existing Hydro aura.
Barbara N1 - wait - Beidou Q
Mona E 4th tick - Beidou Q - Mona E explosion
Triggering reactions off of the Electro aura:
Mona Q pop - Beidou Q - Xiao E
Childe E - Beidou Q - Kazuha E tap
Childe E - Beidou E - Sucrose N1
Kokomi N1 - Beidou E - Yanfei N1
Finding appendix 1:
The decay rate of the applied Electro still remains normal.
Mona Q initial - Mona Q pop - Beidou Q
Finding appendix 2:
If the Electro aura applied is less than the existing Hydro aura, it will behave normally.
Mona Q Pop - Raiden E coordinated attack
Evidence by and
Less reactions will be triggered than the normal amount according to EGT.
EC on Electro-Charged Mechanics
Applying Electro-Charged on enemies already affected by Electro-Charged will still proc various effects that trigger on Elemental Reactions. Thus far Hakushin Ring, Freedom-Sworn, Electro Resonance, 4 piece Instructor, and Fischl's A4 have all been tested to still occur.
Electro Resonance: You can see the Electro Orb being produced by attacks that would otherwise have no business producing an Electro Orb.
NOTE: More precise testing may be necessary for the Electro trigger (it's difficult to get the enemy's gauge on screen to make sure they are still affected by Electro-Charged when Electro-Charged is triggered again while also being in a position to see the Electro Particle from Electro Resonance)
Electro Resonance proccing when Electro triggers Electro-Charged over an enemy already afflicted by Electro-Charged
Electro Resonance proccing when Hydro triggers Electro-Charged over an enemy already afflicted by Electro-Charged
Freedom-Sworn and 4 piece Instructor:
In the case of Freedom-Sworn, one can observer the sigil being present after the Elemental reaction occurs. In the case of Instructor, there is the before and after of either Keqing or Xingqiu's Elemental Mastery increasing from 278 to 398.
FS and Instructor proccing when Electro triggers Electro-Charged over an enemy already afflicted by Electro-Charged
FS and Instructor proccing when Hydro triggers Electro-Charged over an enemy already afflicted by Electro-Charged
Hakushin Ring and Fischl's A4: Hakushin ring's proc is observed by the increase of Fischl and Kokomi's respective damage bonuses from 61.6 and 28.8 to 71.8 and 38.8.
Hakushin and Fischl A4 proccing when Electro triggers Electro-Charged over an enemy already afflicted by Electro-Charged
Hakushin and Fischl A4 proccing when Hydro triggers Electro-Charged over an enemy already afflicted by Electro-Charged
Better understanding of the Electro-Charged spaghetti code.
Frozen + Shatter
Simultaneous Hydro/Frozen Application
Applying a 2U Hydro -> 1U Cryo aura will cause the enemy to be affected by both Frozen and Hydro. However, applying a 1U Cryo -> 2U Hydro will only cause the enemy to be affected by Frozen.
In this video, in the first situation I apply 1U Cryo with Ganyu, then 2U Hydro with Childe, and the enemy is only affected by Frozen, as displayed by Diluc only Shattering when hitting the enemy with a heavy Pyro attack. However, in the second situation, I apply 2U Hydro with Childe, then 1U Cryo with Ganyu, and the enemy is affected by Frozen and Hydro, as displayed by Diluc vaporizing with a heavy Pyro attack.
More knowledge about how Frozen interacts with underlying auras, possibly better rotations
Blunt Attacks have no ICD
Blunt attacks have no ICD, meaning they will always trigger Shatter. This makes it suboptimal to run Freeze with any character whose attacks have the "blunt" attribute.
Characters with blunt attribute attacks benefit significantly less from the 4 piece Blizzard Strayer's passive.
Shatter Damage ICD
Shatter reactions can deal damage only twice within the span of 0.5 seconds.
Shatter damage is constrained in the same way that SC and Swirl is.
Reaction Priority in Comparison to Shatter
Heavy attacks (such as claymores, Geo, Klee's bombs, etc) will apply Shatter on Frozen targets before any Elemental damage is dealt
After applying Frozen status to a Hydro-affected enemy, such as Hydro Slimes, attack them with any heavy Elemental attack.
If an enemy has a natural aura or something like Xingqiu's Rain swords apply a new aura as the enemy is Shattered, the attack will react with the relevant Aura Element, showing that the Elemental damage is "delayed" until after an enemy is already Shattered.
This is especially relevant for Razor, who cannot Superconduct Frozen targets with his Hold E, forcing the usage of Tap E. Additionally, Klee cannot Melt Frozen targets, and you cannot create Cryo Crystallize shields off of Frozen targets with Geo attacks.
This also allows Chongyun to chain Shatter back to back every ICD of his Cryo-converted normal attacks, as long as Hydro Element is re-applied immediately after Shatter.
Freeze Aura Mechanics
Freeze reduces the aura Element by the trigger Element, the same as any normal reaction. The original aura still exists invisibly underneath this new "Freeze aura which behaves similar to normal Cryo aura.
My full spreadsheet of test results: Google Sheets
In the following video:
I apply 1U Cryo to an extended, 19s 2U Hydro. We can see that the 19s Hydro source lasted just over 7 seconds, which fits the estimated 11.875s reduction of 1U. A normal, 12s 2U aura is reduced by 7.5s, again, a 1U reduction.
In one half of the video, I Shatter the Cryo. We can see that the underlying Hydro was unaffected by the Shatter, and lasted the same amount of time (minus the hitlag from Noelle's attack). If the Aura Element was not completely reduced by the Freeze reaction, it still exists invisibly "underneath" the Frozen aura. It can be seen again by Shattering or otherwise reacting with the Freeze aura.
A Frozen Cryo aura has a different icon:
Some reactions affect only the Freeze aura. Some reactions affect both, and so will also eliminate the original aura.
Note: The Freeze table is now found to be inaccurate. Refer to the Evidence Vault for more information.
Only one reaction seems to be able to happen at a time. So if you apply Pyro to a Freeze with an underlying Hydro aura, only a Melt happens. Hydro cannot Melt, so the Hydro is not affected, only the Freeze. If the underlying aura is Cryo, Cryo can Melt, so the Melt will reduce both the Freeze and the original Cryo aura.
Shatter only affects the Freeze aura, as a normal Cryo aura cannot Shatter.
Swirl affects all elements, so it is the only reaction that can affect all 3 types of aura.
Geo immediately Shatters with the Freeze aura before Crystallize can happen, then reacts with the underlying Element.
Edit: Not accurate, as Razor's tap E will reduce the Hydro aura. Requires further testing.
This improves our knowledge of Freeze and how to sequence reactions.
Duration of Freeze Aura
Finding: Freeze duration formula:
(gauge and duration formulas work for innate auras as well)
Sheet & Videos
The formula to find Freeze duration is accurate to 0.1s or 6 frames in 60 FPS for both Cryo/Hydro and both swirled auras. However it seems Freeze duration is also affected by hitlag. Additionally ,It is unknown how Mona's c1 affects Freeze duration for now.
Various GU Values of Shatter based on Different Types of Attacks
Shatter reaction has different U values depending on the attack triggering it. Possible U values: 0.25U, 0.5U, 0.75U, ~1.75U(?) EDIT: possible values vary heavily, see next submission
(all of tests below were conducted with lvl1 weapons and only an upgraded flower among artifacts)
12 Ningguang basic attacks to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield with 2 shards hitting the enemy [0.5U per attack + 0.5U total Shatter value] 12 = 12U total) YouTube
16 Ningguang basic attacks to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield with only 1 shards hitting the enemy (the other is blocked by a tree) [0.5U per attack + 0.25U Shatter value] 16 = 12U total YouTube
7 Geo MC Es to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield [1U per attack + 0.75U Shatter value]7 =12.25U total YouTube
slightly less than 16 Chongyun Es to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield (yes, despite Chongyun being Cryo character) 0.75U Shatter 15 = 11.25U. Now here is where I am not sure because after 15 attacks there is a sliver of health left of the shield. 15 Shatters of a lvl 20 character deal 1785 damage which is not enough according to my previous submissions. But Ningguang Shatters are 0.25U. Maybe Chongyun's 0.75U deals 3 instances of 0.25U Shatter? (specifically to Cryo Abyss shield since it never actually breaks; need further testing) YouTube
less than 5 Beidou's Es to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield [2U Electro + 0.75U Shatter]4 = 11U YouTube
less than 4 Beidou's perfect parry to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield [2U Electro + 1.75U]3 = 11.25U YouTube
24 claymore basic attacks to break a Cryo Abyss mage shield [0.5U Shatter] (sorry, didn't bother recording this, I'll edit it later) EDIT: claymore attack U values vary HEAVILY, see next submission
Certain characters (or rather certain attacks) break Cryo Abyss mage shield more effectively.
Preliminary findings on Claymore Shatter GU
Preliminary findings on Shatter GU values of claymore attacks.
1.1) Chongyun N1 has 0.65U Shatter: YouTube
1.2) Chongyun N2 has 0.55U Shatter: 10x(0.65+0.55) = 12 exactly: YouTube
1.3) Chongyun N3 has 0.75U Shatter: 6x(0.65 + 0.55 + 0.75) plus sliver = 11.7 + sliver: YouTube
2.1) Razor N1 has 2/3)or ~0.67U Shatter: YouTube
2.2) Razor N2 has 0.75U Shatter: 8x(0.67 + 0.75) +0.67 = 12 exactly: YouTube
2.3) Razor N3 has 0.55U Shatter: 6x(0.67 + 0.75 + 0.55) plus sliver = 11.8 plus sliver: YouTube
2.4) Razor N4 has ~1U Shatter: 5x0.67 + 4x0.75 + 4x0.55 + 3x1 plus sliver = 11.533 plus sliver: YouTube
3.1) Beidou N1 has 0.5U Shatter: YouTube
3.2) Beidou N2 has 0.49U(???) Shatter (Unsure of what is going on, it's 12N1, 11N2 plus sliver): YouTube
4.1) Noelle N1 probably has 0.65U Shatter (Noelle is lvl 70 thus Shatter damage might be relevant though): YouTube
4.2) Noelle N2 has 0.55U Shatter: 10x0.65 + 9x0.55 plus sliver = 11.45 plus sliver. It looks like it should've been exactly 0.55U, but lvl70 Shatter has taken it down slightly: YouTube
4.3) Noelle N3 has 075U Shatter: 6x(0.65 + 0.55 + 0.75) plus sliver = 11.7: YouTube
4.4) Noelle N4 has 1U Shatter: 12x0.65 + 2x0.55 + 2x0.75 + Beidou's 1x0.5 + N4 plus sliver = 10.9 + N4 + sliver: YouTube
bonus clips for Noelle N4: YouTube
It might help us figure out how to optimize shield breaking as claymore users. Also possible connection to stagger values and Geo armor breaking (although not all attacks that break Geo armor Shatter. Maybe threshold of 0.5U or smth?)
Reactions On Frozen Targets With Dual Aura
The order of Elemental application and the gauge units determines the second reaction that occurs (and whether it occurs) when the attack that reacts with Freeze can cause both Shatter and a different reaction.
Examples (since that sentence is kinda hard to understand):
2U Cryo - 2U Hydro - 1U Geo: Shatter only
2U Hydro - 2U Cryo - 1U Geo: Shatter only
1U Hydro - 2U Cryo - 1U Geo: Shatter only
1U Cryo - 2U Hydro - 1U Geo: Shatter only
2U Cryo - 1U Hydro - 1U Geo: Cryo Crystallize and Shatter
2U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 1U Geo: Hydro Crystallize and Shatter
2U Cryo - 2U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 1U Geo: Cryo Crystallize and Shatter
2U Hydro - 2U Cryo - 1U Hydro - 1U Geo: Hydro Crystallize and Shatter
1U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 1U Pyro Heavy: Shatter only
1U Hydro - 2U Cryo - 1U Pyro Heavy: Shatter only
1U Cryo - 2U Hydro - 1U Pyro Heavy: Shatter only
2U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 1U Pyro Heavy: Vaporize and Shatter
2U Cryo - 1U Hydro - 1U Pyro Heavy: Melt and Shatter
2U Hydro - 2U Cryo - 2U Electro: Shatter only
2U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 2U Electro: Electrocharged
2U Cryo - 1U Hydro - 2U Electro: Superconduct
Essentially, in order for two reactions to occur when using a heavy Elemental hit, either:
a] the first aura applied to the enemy in the Freeze reaction must be stronger than the second; the heavy hit will then cause whatever reaction should occur if the enemy were to only have the first aura applied and Shatter (i.e. if you apply 2U Hydro, 1U Cryo, then 1U Pyro Heavy, then Vaporize will occur, since attacking a 2U Hydro enemy with Pyro would normally cause Vaporize).
b] an additional aura is applied on top of the enemy after Frozen occurs. For example, normally, using a Pyro heavy hit against an enemy who had been attacked with 2U Cryo, then 2U Hydro, would only cause Shatter. However, if 1U Cryo is applied to that same enemy after being Frozen, Cryo reactions (such as Melt or Superconduct) can occur.
2U Hydro - 2U Cryo - 2U Electro: Shatter only
2U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 2U Electro: Electrocharged
2U Cryo - 1U Hydro - 2U Electro: Superconduct
2U Cryo - 2U Hydro - 1U Cryo - 2U Electro: Superconduct
2U Cryo - 2U Hydro - 1U Hydro - 2U Electro: Electrocharged
Better understanding about getting specific reactions against Frozen enemies
EC Frozen Double Reactions
Theory: EC and Frozen with hidden Hydro do not always allow for double reactions with a subsequent trigger. Instead it is necessary to overcome the aura higher in the Element priority list. The exceptions are Geo Crystallize triggers which will only ever produce one crystal, and Anemo Swirl triggers, which seems to ignore the priority list in the case of hidden Hydro as it has to overcome the Hydro aura rather than the (higher priority) Frozen:
Experimental Element priority order:
Electro > Pyro > Cryo > Freeze > Hydro
Overload but no Vape: Video
OL and Vape: Video
SC but no Freeze: Video
SC and Freeze: Video
Electro Crystallize but no Hydro: Video
Cannot produce two crystals with one Geo trigger
For Frozen with Hidden Hydro:
SC but no Electro-Charged: Video
SC and Electro-Charged: No documented cases likely due to Frozen aura being very high gauge and short duration
Melt but no Vape: Video
Melt and Vape: No documented cases likely due to Frozen aura being very high gauge and short duration
Crystallize cannot be tested on hidden Hydro due to Shattering.
Element priority order:
Electro > Pyro > Anemo > Cryo > Freeze > Hydro > Dendro > Geo
Evidence for Anemo triggers defying this array is already provided in the ticket linked in the theory section. Additional testing is required on hidden Hydro due to its strange behavior and the relatively unstudied gauge strength of Frozen.
Significance: Allows for better (but still incomplete) understanding of when double reactions can be utilized and how to set them up. Additionally, both the previous freeze table and the EC interactions with other elements ticket are found to be inaccurate.
In some situations, Shattering a Frozen enemy removes less than the normal 8GU. This allows multiple Shatters to occur on a single Freeze, or Shatter + Melt at the same time. This also allows Claymore characters such as Chongyun or Eula to benefit from 4 Blizzard Strayer's extra CRIT on Frozen enemies.
How does this happen?
This appears to be a bug, as it's not a consistent change. It is triggered by entering any domain, including the Spiral Abyss. However only on PC. Mobile and console players cannot trigger this. Once you have entered a Domain, the bug will remain active even in the overworld until you restart your game.
How much Frozen aura is removed by a Shatter?
This has not yet been tested. It's theorized that it works the same way as Frozen shields on enemies; the reduction in Frozen gauge is proportional to the poise damage done by the attack. However this has not been confirmed.
Multi Shatter Evidence: Video
Shatter + Melt Evidence: Video
The duration of repeated freezes can be described by the following formulae:
The variable tdecay is just needed for the calculations. If tdecay would be negative it reset to zero.
The Freeze duration in seconds is equal to the second formula. The value dfrozen is in Elemental durability and is equal to twice the minimum of the Cryo or Hydro gauge when Freeze is triggered.
This is derived form the "kinematic approach":
And then solving for t (generic solution to quadratic equation). This was done in a previous ticket. TicketTool
For the Frozen durability in GU the formula is:
The parameters ElliMiku found are a = -1.87 0.01 and b = 4.09 0.02, while the datamined values are a = - 2 and b = 4. Data analysis form various people are consistent with b = 4 and a being between 1.8 and 2.0
Data by Isu and Nass
Sheet: Google Docs
Data by Kourinn
Sheet: Google Docs
(vids are linked there)
Data by phaZ
Swirl sheet: Google Docs
Aloy sheet: Google Docs
(all vids are linked in the respective sheets)
ElliMiku's analysis [here be dragons]:
Data series (in addition to others): Google Docs
Write-up: Google Docs
Better understanding of Freeze duration. More accurate dps calcs in permafreeze teams. Gcsim.
Shatter Doesn't Trigger Stuff
Shatter does not trigger Passives that are supposed to trigger when a reaction occurs.
Some of the things that Shatter does not trigger:
Mappa Mare Passive
Perhaps some surprising exceptions.
Frozen Formula Does Work With Innate Auras
The Frozen formula does work for innate aura enemies.
In the video (60FPS), the following can be observed:
1U Cryo on Large Hydro Slime (2U Hydro):
2U Cryo on Large Hydro Slime (2U Hydro):
2U Cryo on Small Hydro Slime (1U Hydro):
2U Cryo on Abyss Herald (shit ton of Hydro + 80% Frozen resistance):
1U Cryo on Abyss Herald (shit ton of Hydro + 80% Frozen resistance):
Everything lines up.
The only part of the formula that doesn't work here is the "Cryo gauge/origin aura when Frozen" part.
Some enemies have Freeze resistance (currently shielded Abyss Heralds and Consecrated Beasts), which reduces the reaction gauge of Freeze by a fixed percentage. The duration of Freeze is then calculated with the reduced reaction gauge taken into account.
The full formula for freeze duration is the following:
Videos in order:
Understanding of hidden attribute.
Freeze Resistance Correction
Freeze RES does not actually affect the reaction gauge of Freeze and is only taken into account in the duration calculation.
The corrected formula for freeze duration is the following:
On an enemy with 50% Freeze RES, if 1U Electro is applied after proccing 2U freeze, the duration of the Freeze is halved, meaning the reaction gauge of Freeze is still 2U and not affected by Freeze RES. If Freeze RES reduced the reaction gauge of Freeze, the Superconduct would have immediately ended the Freeze.
Correcting the previous finding.
How to get Double Swirls
On both Electro-Charged targets and Frozen targets with a simultaneous Hydro aura (where both the Frozen icon and a Hydro icon show up above the target's head), it is possible to get a "double Swirl," where both elements (Electro and Hydro in the Electro-Charged case, or Cryo and Hydro in the Frozen case) are both swirled. This can debuff the enemy's resistance to both elements. In order for a double Swirl to occur, the gauge reduction from the Anemo hit must be greater than the Electro gauge (in the case of Electro-Charged) or the Hydro gauge (in Frozen/Hydro). If two gauges are on the target, and Anemo is not stronger than one of the two, the Anemo attack will Swirl Electro (for Electro-Charged) or Hydro (for Freeze/Hydro).
Gauge reduction caused by Anemo must be greater than the Hydro gauge (in the case where there is both a Hydro and Freeze aura present) or the Electro aura (in the case of Electro-Charged) in for a double Swirl to occur
2U Hydro, 2U Cryo, 1U Hydro, 2U Anemo (double Swirl)
2U Hydro, 2U Cryo, 1U Hydro, 1U Anemo (single Swirl)
1U Hydro, 2U Electro, 1U Anemo (single Swirl)
1U Hydro, 2U Electro, 2U Anemo (double Swirl; the Electro-Charged reaction reduces the Electro gauge low enough for the double Swirl to occur)
1U Hydro, 4U Electro, 2U Anemo (single Swirl)
A future test of 1U Freeze, 2U Hydro, 2U Anemo is technically necessary to say for certain that the Anemo reduction must be greater than the Hydro aura in Freeze/Hydro, rather than any one of the gauges present. However, EC works this way and there is no known current method to test the above, so the behavior is currently believed to extend to Freeze/Hydro.
If the Anemo gauge reduction isn't greater, the Swirl will be Electro(EC)/Hydro(Freeze)
2U Hydro, 2U Cryo, 1U Hydro, 1U Anemo (Hydro Swirl)
2U Electro, 2U Hydro, 1U Anemo (Electro Swirl)
More knowledge about how Swirl works, better rotations and team-building
Confirmation of Double Swirl on Freeze Aura Mechanics
Confirmation of double Swirl on Frozen enemy mechanics.
In this video, Diona applies 1U Cryo, followed by Kokomis N1 applying 1U Hydro to create a Freeze aura. Then Kokomi's Burst is casted to apply a 2U Hydro aura that coexists with the 1U Frozen aura.
Jeans E applies 2U Anemo to the Frozen target, but only swirls Hydro, which confirms a preciously untested theory that the Anemo gauge must specifically be greater than the coexisting Hydro gauge in order to double Swirl a Frozen target.
As far as Im aware this was previously unconfirmed due to the difficulty or inability to test this specific scenario of 1U Frozen with a 2U Hydro aura prior to Kokomis release, as Childes 2U Hydro attacks would Shatter a Frozen enemy.
Better understanding of the mechanics behind Freeze to better set up rotations in the future.
Swirl AoE Limit
Finding: Swirl has an AoE limit, where only two instances of AoE damage can happen for any swirled Element. For example, if there are four targets who are all infused with Electro, and an AoE Anemo Skill is used, only two instances of Electro damage will be dealt to the four targets.
Evidence: (from Terrapin's Swirl Guide here): YouTube
Better understanding of Swirl, assisting in teambuilding
Swirl Chain Reactions
Finding: When a Swirl reaction occurs and the AoE effect of the Swirl reaction meets another enemy with an aura, the swirled Element will cause a reaction with that aura. This reaction will use the Anemo user's Character Level and Elemental Mastery to determine damage (if applicable). The subsequent reactions work in the same way that normal reactions do.
YouTube From this video, using a level 89 Sucrose with 0 Elemental Mastery, we can see that Swirl chain amplifying reactions work in the same way as normal - scaling off the respective reaction multiplier.
A Cryo Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Pyro aura causes the Cryo damage to reverse Melt, becoming amplified by 1.5x (6321.5949)
A Pyro Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Cryo aura causes the Pyro damage to forward Melt, becoming amplified by 2x (63221265)
A Hydro Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Pyro aura causes the Wet application to Vaporise, doing no damage.
A Pyro Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Hydro aura causes the Pyro damage to reverse Vaporise, becoming amplified by 1.5x (632949)
YouTube In this video, we can see that Elemental Mastery affects amplifying reactions as normal. Here, Sucrose has 692 Elemental Mastery, which should give her a 92% bonus to Melt.
A Pyro Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Cryo aura causes the Pyro damage to forward Melt, becoming amplified by 2 x 1.92 = 3.84x (20273.847783)
A Cryo Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Pyro aura causes the Cryo damage to reverse Melt, becoming amplified by 1.5 x 1.92 = 2.88x (20272.885837)
YouTube In this video, Sucrose has over 100% CRIT Rate, but the Swirl chain reaction she causes does not score Critical hits against the enemy, which proves that the chain amplifying reactions caused by Swirl cannot CRIT. In the video, Sucrose has 194 Elemental Mastery, giving her a 33.9% damage bonus to Melt.
A Cryo Swirl AoE that makes contact with an enemy with a Pyro aura causes the Cryo damage to reverse Melt, becoming amplified by 1.5 x 1.339 = 2.0085x (11462.00852303)
The 2.0085x multiplier seen in the video comes solely from the Melt reaction, which proves that Swirl chain reactions that cause amplifying reactions can't CRIT.
YouTube In this video, Sucrose triggers Swirl to cause transformative chain reactions, which are also calculated with Sucrose's Elemental Mastery and Level.
Significance: Allows for better team-building and rotations, along with more understanding of how Swirl works.
Elemental Infusion on Electro-Charged Enemy
Finding: When Venti and Sucrose's Bursts make contact with a mob which is affected by Electro-Charged, the Burst will infuse Hydro.
Evidence: (provided by Terrapin)
EC Absorption Test Sucrose - Hydro applied first
EC Absorption Test Sucrose- Electro applied first
EC Absorption Test - Venti Burst
Significance: good knowledge for teambuilding purposes; shows that Electro-Charged teams which run Sucrose or Venti will see more Hydro Elemental application due to infusion.
Amplifying Reactions From Swirls Will Snapshot
Amplifying Reactions derived from a Swirl from Pyro/Cryo/Hydro are not dynamic and WILL snapshot.
Video 1 (instructor applied after snapshot) (101k)
Video 2 (instructor applied before snapshot) (106k)
Swirl before instructor=23892
Swirl after instructor=25828
EM before instructor=755 (97.4%)
EM after instructor=875(106.9%)
For video 1 of a 101k Swirl Melt proc, where instructor was applied after snapshot.
Vape = 76465
Melt = 101953
For video 2 of a 106k Swirl Melt proc, where instructor was applied before snapshot.
Vape = 80157
Melt = 106876
Since Swirl is dynamic, a Swirl value of 25828 is taken.
If snapshot on ampem, for vape,
Which matches with observed 76465 value.
If no snapshot on ampem, for vape,
Which does not match with video 1, but it matches with video 2 where instructor is snapshotted at 80157.
If snapshot on ampem, for Melt,
Which matches with observed 101953 value.
If no snapshot on ampem, for vap,
Which does not match with video 1, but it matches with video 2 where instructor is snapshotted at 106876.
Thus it can be concluded that ampem of the Swirl induced amp reaction is snapshotted and the rest are dynamic.
Vape/Melt triggered by swirls are still considered as amp reactions and are snapshotted, not dynamic.
Theory: Crystallize resets when a new one is picked up, and the shield value is based on the character that produced the Crystallize, even if a previous Crystallize generated by a different character is currently on the active character.
The first test in the video shows that Noelle's Crystallize on Noelle can take at least 4 hits from attacks that do the same damage without breaking.
The second test shows that Zhongli's Crystallize on Noelle can only take 2 hits before breaking on the third hit, taking 1139 damage.
The third test shows Noelle's Crystallize on Noelle take a single hit, and then is reset by Zhongli's Crystallize which then takes 2 hits before breaking on the third hit, taking 1139 damage.
Significance: Crystallize shields do not stack, and they do not refresh based on a shield being stronger or weaker. Crystallize users should plan accordingly with their character level and Elemental Mastery on the character that will be creating Crystallizes that will be picked up.
Crystallize Shields Don't Stack
Shields created from a Crystallize reaction do not stack.
The first test in the video shows Noelle picking up a Cryo Crystallize shield and then a Pyro Crystallize shield. She then takes several hits of Cryo damage which breaks the Pyro Crystallize shield. There is no remaining Cryo Crystallize shield.
The second test in the video shows Noelle picking up a Cryo Crystallize shield, and taking many hits of Cryo damage where the shield does not break. If the shields stacked, in the original test the Cryo Crystallize shield should have persisted after the Pyro Crystallize shield was broken.
The player should only pick up correct-Element Crystallize crystals when fighting enemies dealing specific Elemental damage.
Crystallize on an Electro-Charged Enemy
Finding: Crystallizing an Electro-Charged enemy always results in an Electro crystal.
I Electro charged in different orders with different application strengths. The result was always an Electro crystal.
Significance: Don't expect a Hydro crystal for petra buff on Electro-Charged opponents.
Crystal Spawn Location for Enemy
The Crystallize reaction will always spawn a crystal in front of the enemy.
Ningguang applies Geo with Normal Attacks. Then, the Crystallize reaction occurs and the crystal spawns in front of the enemy. Do note that some enemies don't have a specific "front side", such as the hypostases. There are other factors that could determine where the crystals spawn, like when an enemy turns around or moves. However the principles stays the same.
Ruin Guard: YouTube video
Samachurl: YouTube video
Electro Hypostasis: YouTube video
Makes it easier for characters to pick up crystals.
Makes it easier for characters to use the Archaic Petra artifact set.
Allows the player to determine the position of the enemies and which way they are facing.
Crystallize reaction has an Global Cooldown of 1s per monster.
The Crystallize GCD is 1.0s (or Albedo Skill cast itself has ICD of 1s). - YouTube
Albedo uses his Elemental Skill twice at different time intervals between Skill usages. Due to input delay all of the below times are actually +0.05s.
0.85s: 1 Crystallize; 0.90s: 1 Crystallize; 0.95s: 1 Crystallize; 1.00s: 2 Crystallize; 1.05s: 2 Crystallize;
The 1s GCD does exist and influences attacks that do not share ICD.
Albedo's E cast and E Blossom both trigger Crystallize when they are 1s apart from each other. - YouTube
Albedo's E cast and E Blossom trigger Crystallize only once when they are within 1s. - YouTube
Ningguang's NA and E both trigger Crystallize when they are 1s apart from each other. - YouTube
Ningguang's NA and E trigger Crystallize only once when they are within 1s. - YouTube
GCD is shared across different characters. Here Ningguang procs Albedo's Blossom vs 2U Pyro, only 1 Crystallize occurred. - YouTube
GCD is not shared across different targets. Here Albedo successfully triggers Crystallize on each of the 3 hilichurls. - YouTube
GCD for the duration of the cooldown may disable the hit counter for standard ICD. Here Ningguang uses 3 Normal attacks (6 hits total) and trigger Crystallize only once on the first attack. - YouTube
GCD is shared across different elements. Here Albedo triggers Pyro and Hydro Crystallize one after another (<1s), only 1 Crystallize occurred. - YouTube
Understanding how Crystallize works.
Crystallize ICD Correction
The Crystallize Global Cooldown (GCD) not only prevents further crystals to appear but also prevents gauge consumption.
YouTube: This clip is already in the TCL. The last Amber shot was performed at 14.75s and the Pyro lasted until 22.93s, which matches the 1.1B gauge duration (meaning that only one gauge reduction from Crystallize occurred).
YouTube: Razor applied 2U Electro at 2.54s (with A decay from Sara) and the Electro lasted until 15.75s which matches the 1.1U gauge duration (meaning that only one gauge reduction from Crystallize occurred).
YouTube (bonus clip): 2A Hydro -> 1U Electro -> 2U Geo. Hydro lasted from 11.32s to 25.53s which matches 1.2A (tax -0.4U).
Nice to know that in Electro-Charged Geo doesn't reduce Hydro gauge regardless of how strong the Elemental application is of the Geo attack.
Current Burning Mechanics: Applies 2U Pyro in a small AoE, which replenish the Pyro for Burning. Decay rate of Dendro in Burning is the sum of natural decay rate of the Pyro aura and the natural decay rate of the Dendro aura.
Burning deals damage every 0.25 sec. Burning does not stun.
Evidence (120 FPS)
Burning is contagious. Applies Pyro in AoE around Burning person/object
Can light the fire of a Dendro state subject if lay it near Dendro Burning subject (perfect for trolling and more)
Burning can be maintained for an infinite amount of time, as long as there is a supply of Dendro. (Does not consume Pyro)
This makes the task of maintaining burning-state full-time so much easier.
Dendro state object coated with Hydro can be used as a medium for Electro-Charged/Mist Freeze because Dendro, Hydro, and Electro can all exist at the same time, same with Dendro, Hydro, and Cryo.
You can see in this video that the Superconduct appears after we apply both Cryo and Electro.
At the end of this video, there's something about the layer of reaction. When 3 Elements exist at the same time (in this case Electro/Dendro/Hydro) interact with Pyro, we can only see Vaporize and Overload, no Burning reaction was sighted.
Notice the moment when the Pyro flower trap activated when the vine is infused with Cryo mist, it causes some reaction looks just like Shatter, or Melt.
Constant Hydro apply to prolong the duration of Dendro (double the duration)
Normal Dendro duration: Evidence
Hydro Dendro duration: Evidence
Gauge of Pyro after burning
702 Pyro only
2981 Pyro end
2279 Pyro duration >> 19 sec
413 Pyro only
2742 Pyro end >> 19,408 sec (this video bring up the subject that even though Klee apply 2U Pyro at the last hit, the change is insignificant.
The duration of Pyro after burning doesnt depend on the unit gauge apply)
692 Pyro only
2981 Pyro end
2289 duration >> 19.075s
First part 2U test
2U Pyro apply
440 Pyro only
1931 Pyro end
1491 duration >> 12.425s
Second part 2U test
2U Pyro apply
4953 Pyro only
6416 Pyro end
1463 duration >> 12.2 s
Third part 2U test
This test is testing with 2U Pyro with Dendro applied twice
10720 Pyro only
12145 Pyro end
1425 duration >> 11.875s >> the change is insignificant >>
the Pyro unit gauge was somehow maintained even if theres an interruption of Dendro supply in the middle,
and the duration wont change even if we apply Pyro first
These times are consistent with 1.6A and 1.6B decay times. So Burning "boosts" the aura strength to 1.6U
Decay rate of Dendro while burning is the sum of the natural decay rates of Dendro and Pyro auras
Through the first part, we have more clues to try to solve this, the data below using the same videos.
All the Pyro Hilichurls (including Pyro Axe Mitachurls) are immune to heating DMG: evidence 1, evidence 2
Notice the hilichurl takes no burning DMG but still burns any grass it stepped on. The icon on his head is a burning aura (very much like a freezing aura of Freeze reaction). (This video is my experiment about the impact of EM on burning DMG, but it unexpected turn out like that). Only this kind of hilichurl have this odd ability was sighted so far.
Dendro Spread is deleted: evidence 1, evidence 2
Better understanding for the mechanics of burning. Dendro shields are be burnt down faster by 2U Pyro and 1U Pyro.
Dendro Burning Ownership DMG
Dendro Burning ownership belongs to the one who last applies the Element for the reaction to happen.
Burning can be changed ownership in the middle, either by directly reapplying Dendro or Pyro, or by spreading the Pyro with Swirled/absorbed Pyro, nothing else. Ownership belongs to the character/enemy that makes the change.
Character level and EM affect Burning DMG, the damage formula is shared with other Transformative Reactions, with the reaction constant/base multiplier being 0.5.
There is a difference between the heat source and heating DMG.
Heating DMG = Dendro Burning's Pyro DMG.
Heat source = An object has heating DMG.
It looks like burning grass/torch/etc. at first glance, but Burning in the environment depends solely on Zone Level, aka, the damage zone the character is standing in, not affected by level and EM like heating DMG.
When the Dendro Burning reaction happens, the burning entity should be considered as a heat source: dealing heating DMG to anyone who comes close in hug-range, can apply Pyro, but can't cause a reaction.
If applying Dendro/Pyro On existing Dendro Burning with different ownership right when the reaction ticks again, the ownership of the reaction won't change even if the Element is reapplied again. This is a potential bug.
Notice the damage difference when Bennet triggers the Burning reaction and when Dendro Samachurl triggers the Burning reaction
Pyro application taking ownership: YouTube
Proof that it is the latest application, not the highest damage: YouTube
Direct Pyro Swirl not taking ownership: YouTube
Dendro and self-applied Pyro giving ownership: YouTube 1, YouTube 2
Absorbed Pyro: YouTube
Swirling Pyro: YouTube
The ratio of absorbed Swirl DMG and Burning DMG is exactly 2.4 if the base multiplier is 0.5.
From character to enemy: YouTube
From enemy to character: YouTube
Notice how the burning tick rate's twice as fast (come from both the character's own Burning and the heating DMG of the hilichurl) when coming closer to the hilichurl compared to stand afar.
Credits to Aevean and for testing, and for additional footage.
Better understanding of how Burning works by digging into whose ownership is it.
Burning Snapshots EM
Burning snapshots the character's EM on trigger and refresh.
We understand that 4-Piece Gilded Dreams does not apply bonus EM to the reaction that triggers the set bonus (with the exception of Hyperbloom).
Klee's EM without 4GD bonus: 80
Klee's EM with 4GD bonus: 130
When Klee triggers 4GD with Burning, Burning DMG is consistently 525, even though EM had been increased to 130 upon triggering the reaction. To demonstrate Burning with 130 EM, Klee refreshes Burning with the bonus EM, and Burning damage is now consistently 643.
Better understanding of the Burning reaction.
Burning Refresh Mechanics
Burning refreshes Pyro some time between 0.25s and 0.47s after the "Burning" text appears, then every 2s after.
Cyro 0.25s after, Pyro refreshes: YouTube
Cryo 0.42s after, Pyro doesn't refresh: YouTube
Cryo 0.9s after, Pyro doesn't refresh: YouTube
Cryo after 0.3s, Pyro refreshes: YouTube
Relative to Ganyu's first arrow, the Cyro applications occur at 0s, 0.3s, 1.96s, and 2.26s
If the Pyro refresh occurred at 0s and 2s (slightly later because TKP hits a bit after trigger), then Ganyu's 2nd Bloom would reduce the Pyro to ~0.3U and it would fade in ~3.5 secs. Instead, the Pyro lasts for a long time.
Pyro disappears 12.06s after the first Cryo application. Subtracting 9.5s (0.8U decay time) we get 2.56s. This seems to confirm that Burning refreshes at 2.5 sec.
Burning Reverse Melt, most significantly for Ganyu. Having residual Pyro that's >0.5U is necessary to reignite Burning by applying Cryo + triggering Nahida's TKP.
Chemistry 101 What Are Reactions
On-reaction effects can only be activated when reactions are triggered on enemies or animals (cat, dog, kitsune, and types that give raw meat or fowl as only they can hold aura).
Freedom-Sworn and C4 Keqing behave the same, reactions on burning grass and electrified water won't work (Source: I don't have them but dudes trust me).
Better understanding of reactions and what count as reactions to trigger effects with character Talents, weapons or artifacts (plus in the future people won't have to make separate ticket every single time for similar cases unless they behave differently with the upcoming Dendro reactions).
Below is an addition to the old finding, which is still correct in most cases.
On-reaction effects can be activated through Hyperbloom and Burgeon on Dendro Cores with or without any other target nearby. Such reactions are counted as Dendro-related reactions.
YouTube: Fischl A4, Qiqi A1, Dark Iron Sword, 4P TF, 4P GD, Electro Resonance on Dendro Cores
YouTube: Hakushin Ring, Mappa Mare, 4P Instructor, Dendro Resonance on Dendro Cores
YouTube: Mappa Mare and 4P Gilded Dreams with Burgeon, Klee A1
Better understanding of on-reaction effects triggering requirements with the Dendro installment of the Elemental Reaction System. This changes everything.
Bloom Does Not Snapshot EM
Bloom reaction does not snapshot EM on seed creation.
Childe Bloom DMG with and without EM buffs after seed creation
Further understanding of the Bloom reaction and EM buffs, can potentially lead to interesting setups.
Applying Dendro to an Electro-Charged Target Triggers 2 Blooms
Applying Dendro to an Electro-Charged target once can result in 2 Bloom reactions if the Hydro aura on the target is high enough. First trigger is from the Dendro attack, second trigger is from Quicken itself. The reaction text for the second Bloom reaction does not show up.
Further understanding of Quicken and Bloom.
Bloom Reactions Count as Hits from Your Character
Bloom Explosion, Burgeon, and Hyperbloom count as hits from your character.
Qiqi Talisman is triggered by Bloom Explosion.
See also: Nahida C2 allows these reactions to trigger Favonius.
Further understanding of Bloom reactions in general.
Bloom ICD Can Be Bypassed When Using Multiple Sources
By using more than one Hydro/Pyro/Electro source, each unit could take more than 2 instances of Bloom Explosion/Burgeon/Hyperbloom damage within the 0.5 second window.
Bloom Explosion: YouTube (0:13, Bloom ownership is unknown)
3 Blooms were triggered and dealt different amounts of damage to both the character and the Hydro Slime.
Xiangling's Guoba and Bennett's E triggered 5 Burgeons almost at the same time, 3 of which dealt damage to both the character and Azhdaha.
Razor E and Sara E triggered 4 Hyperblooms, all of which dealt damage to the enemy.
1 of the Dendro Cores expired right before the other 4 Hyperblooms were triggered.
Previous knowledge about the reactions' ICD is insufficient. Further testing should be conducted to find out more about the actual mechanic of these reactions.
Dendro Core explosions can damage Ley Line Monoliths
The Dendro Core explosions from Bloom, Bountiful Bloom, and Burgeon can damage the Ley Line Monolith.
Using Bloom, Bountiful Bloom, and Burgeon reactions are less recommended for objectives that involve the defense of Ley Line Monoliths.
Dendro Cores Block Unreactive Projectiles
Dendro Cores produced by a Bloom reaction can block projectiles that do not react with Dendro, specifically Cryo, Anemo, Geo, Physical and Dendro projectiles.
More understanding regarding Dendro Core properties. Might have some niche gameplay application.
Hyperbloom Damaging the Player
Hyperbloom has a small AoE that can damage the player if you are hugging the enemy that is targeted.
If there are no enemies nearby then the Hyperbloom will not target the player.
Better understanding of Hyperbloom targeting.
Hyperbloom Targets the Closest Enemy
When triggering Hyperbloom, the Sprawling Shot targets the enemy that is closest to the Dendro Core.
Hyperbloom always targets the enemy that is closest to the Dendro Core at the time it's triggered, even if the enemy moves and ends up further than another enemy by the time Hyperbloom deals damage.
Information on Hyperblooms not triggered by the player
Portable Waypoints, Adepti Seeker's Stove, and the Serenitea Pot.
Electro Crystals, Boom Blossoms, Consecrated Beasts' Phagocyctic Blocks, and cooking pots.
Enemies can gimp other enemies
You can deflect enemy Hyperblooms with certain constructs
Hoyoverse isn't consistent
Burgeon Self-Damage is Only Affected By Character RES
The Dendro self-damage from Burgeon is only affected by the character's resistance.
No RES Shred: Imgur
Damage to enemy: 15425
Damage to character: 856
Dendro RES Shred on enemy (4DM): Imgur
Damage to enemy: 18853
Damage to character: 856
Dendro RES Shred on enemy (4DM) and character (Dendro RES Potion): Imgur
Damage to enemy: 18853
Damage to character: 642
Useful to know.
Overloaded, Superconduct, Electro-Charged, Shattered, Swirl, Aggravated Swirl, Crystallize, Burning, Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon.
Transformative Reactions cannot crit (except some with Nahida C2), but count as hits from your character and can be used to stack Royal weapons and trigger Favonius weapons. They only scale off of Elemental Mastery and character level, and are affected by Elemental RES to the type of damage the reaction deals.
Transformative Reactions like Swirls, Swirl AoEs, Superconduct, Overload, and Shatter snapshot reaction damage bonuses when they are generated.
For more information on the damage dealt by Transformative Reactions, see the Damage Formula page.
Poise Damage and Impulse Types
Overloaded, or Overload, is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Pyro on a target already afflicted by an Electro aura or vice versa. Overloaded will cause an explosion of Pyro DMG to occur that will destroy Geo shields quickly. Triggering Overloaded in an AoE will only cause one instance of Overload DMG.
You can trigger Overload on Electrified bodies of water.
Overloaded has a reaction-specific ICD of 0.5 seconds, where enemies Overloaded or hit by the AoE caused by an Overload triggered by one character are then immune to the damage caused by Overload triggered by that character for 0.5 seconds. They still suffer gauge reduction and stagger, even without taking damage.
Superconduct is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Electro on a target already afflicted by a Cryo aura or vice versa, dealing Cryo DMG. Superconduct reduces an enemy's Physical RES by 40% by 12 seconds. Triggering Superconduct in an AoE will result in two instances of Superconduct DMG on each enemy. It has an ICD of 0.5s, where the same enemy will take no more than 2 instances of Superconduct DMG within 0.5s. Despite what TikTok may tell you, Superconduct does not lower Cryo or Electro DMG taken.
Electro-Charged, EC for short, is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Hydro to a target already afflicted by an Electro aura or vice versa, and deals Electro DMG. When an enemy is Electro-Charged, both the Hydro and Electro auras lie underneath the Electro-Charged status. It follows that when applying a third Element, like Pyro, you can trigger both Vaporize and Overload with the same damage instance. Electro-Charged continues to tick every second until there is 0.5 seconds worth of Electro and Hydro aura remaining. For a more detailed description of Electro-Charged, refer to the Evidence Vault.
Electro-Charged duration can be extended by hitlag, presumably by extending the aura duration.
With an excessive amount of Hydro application and a lot of hitlag, 4 Electro-Charged procs are possible with only one application of Electro.
Electro-Charged ticks on secondary targets, however, are not affected by hitlag and happen exactly every 60 frames.
Electro-Charged can spread to nearby targets if they have a Hydro aura, however, the chain lightning will trigger Electro-Charged DMG without applying an Elemental aura.
Electro-Charged ticks that spread to other enemies affected by Electro-Charged will take over Electro-Charged ownership on those enemies.
Electro-Charged, in combination with heavy attacks, can stun a Ruin Guard similar to using an aimed shot on its weak point.
This is because both Electro-Charged and heavy attacks deal a substantial amount of poise damage.
For more details on poise, we have a page dedicated to it.
Electro-Charged snapshots the Elemental Mastery of whoever last applied an Element for the reaction.
Electro-Charged has a cooldown. An enemy can only take one instance of Electro-Charged DMG every ~0.5s.
Electro-Charged ticks count as Electro-Charged DMG, thus a tick will start the cooldown and deal no damage if it lands when the cooldown is active.
The ticks reset the damage cooldown and restart the 1s timer for the next Electro-Charged tick.
The ticks of the Electro-Charged reaction don't count as hitting an enemy or as triggering a reaction.
Electro-Charged ticks only consume Hydro and Electro gauge when both Hydro and Electro are present.
Electro-Charged ticks only remove gauges when they deal damage. Both gauges will still decay naturally over time though, with or without damage.
0-gauge Electro attacks don't change Electro-Charged ownership.
As of patch 2.5, there is a bug when using Electro as the trigger. The Electro aura will not persist after the Electro-Charged ticks, even when the Electro gauge is greater than the Hydro gauge. Refer to the Evidence Vault for more details.
When applying Electro-Charged on enemies already affected by the same reaction, effects that are triggered on-reaction will be triggered.
Frozen is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Cryo on a target already afflicted by a Hydro aura or vice versa. If the Frozen aura expires or is Shattered, any underlying Hydro or Cryo aura will persist, note that the Cryo or Hydro application to trigger Frozen will consume the appropriate amount of aura.
Applying a 2U Hydro -> 1U Cryo aura will cause the enemy to be affected by both Frozen and Hydro. However, applying a 1U Cryo -> 2U Hydro will only cause the enemy to be affected by Frozen.
Additionally, for some attacks, only one reaction can occur at a time. For example, if you apply non-heavy Pyro to a Frozen aura that has an underlying Hydro aura, only Melt occurs. If the underlying aura is Cryo (which can be Melted), Melt will occur and reduce both the Freeze and the original Cryo aura. It is possible for a reaction to affect both auras, while some reactions only affect one aura. For example, a sufficiently strong Anemo aura application can cause a double Swirl where both the underlying Hydro aura and the Frozen aura are Swirled. This also occurs with heavy attacks, which can cause both Shatter and a reaction based on the underlying aura. For example, if an enemy who is both Frozen and affected by underlying Hydro is hit with a heavy Pyro attack while Frozen, both Shatter and Vaporize will occur. If the same enemy was affected by underlying Cryo instead, Melt would occur. Both scenarios require an underlying aura to be applied to an enemy; without an underlying aura, only Shatter will occur. This effect applies to all heavy Elemental attacks.
The order of Elements applied and the gauge strength determine if a second reaction occurs and what reaction it is, whenever a blunt Elemental attack is used against a Frozen target.
The duration of Freeze is as shown in the following formulas:
(for details on how the formulas work with enemies that have an innate aura, see this Vault Entry)
Multiple consecutive Freezes have reduced duration. They follow these kinematic rules:
Thus, extending the above Freeze formula, the generalized Freeze duration formula may be represented by the following:
Some enemies have Freeze resistance, which is taken into account in the Freeze duration calculation. Freeze RES does not affect the reaction gauge of Freeze itself.
The full formula for freeze duration is the following:
Shattered, or Shatter, is a second-stage Transformative Reaction triggered by using Blunt Attacks on a Frozen enemy and deals Physical DMG. It has an ICD of 2 damage instances every 0.5 seconds on the same enemy.
Blunt Attacks (such as Claymores, Geo, Klee's bombs, etc.) will Shatter Frozen targets before any Elemental DMG is dealt, preventing you from Melting or Vaporizing.
Attacks that trigger Shatter have different GU values, refer to the Evidence Vault for extended reading on Shatter GU by.
In some situations, Shattering a Frozen enemy removes less than the normal 8GU. This allows multiple Shatters to occur on a single Frozen, or Shatter + Melt at the same time.
This appears to be a bug and not a consistent reaction.
Shatter does not trigger weapon, artifact, or character passives except Tri-Karma Purification from Nahida Skill.
Swirl is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Anemo to a target already afflicted by Hydro, Pyro, Cryo, or Electro. Swirl will cause AoE Elemental DMG of the same type as the original aura, spreading that Element to affected targets which can trigger additional reactions. Triggering Swirl in an AoE can cause up to two instances of Swirl DMG per Element for each enemy in the AoE. Note that this constraint does not include the Anemo hit or any damage dealt by reactions caused by the Swirls, so it is possible to have more than eight total damage instances per target. Swirl has an ICD of 2 damage instances every 0.5s on each target.
In the special case of Hydro, only the target afflicted with the Hydro initially will take damage as the dispersion of Hydro will not harm enemies.
All reactions caused by Swirling auras together use the stats of the character that triggered the Swirl in their damage calculation.
If an Amplifying Reaction is triggered in this manner, the damage will snapshot EM and the Base Hit will be the Swirl damage number.
Environmental Element sources (such as campfires and burning grass) can be Swirled.
Swirl is a separate effect from Elemental Absorption.
When a Swirl reaction occurs and the AoE effect of the Swirl reaction meets another enemy with an aura, the Swirled Element will cause a reaction with that aura. This reaction will use the Anemo character's level and Elemental Mastery to determine damage (if applicable). The subsequent reactions work in the same way that normal reactions do.
It is possible to simultaneously trigger two Swirls on one target from the same Anemo hit if the target has two Swirl-applicable auras, such as an Electro-Charged enemy or a Frozen enemy with an underlying Hydro aura. This double Swirl can only occur when the gauge reduction from the Anemo hit is greater than the Electro gauge (in the case of Electro-Charged) or the Hydro gauge (in Frozen/Hydro). If this condition is not met, the Anemo attack will only Swirl Electro (for Electro-Charged) or Hydro (for Freeze/Hydro).
More detailed guides on Swirl:
Swirl Guide by (added 2021-04-30)
If an Electro Swirl comes into contact with a Quicken aura, the Anemo character will trigger an Aggravated Swirl, which is a Transformative Reaction. This is only possible in multi-target due to not being able to be triggered on the enemy hit by the Swirl. Although Aggravate is an Additive Reaction, the damage from an Aggravated Swirl is calculated as a Transformative Reaction.
Crystallize is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Geo on a target already afflicted by Pyro/Hydro/Cryo/Electro that creates a shard of the given Element. Picking up the shard grants a shield of the respective Element. Crystallize deals no damage, but instead, the base damage absorption of the shield scales off of the Elemental Mastery and level of the character that triggered the Crystallize reaction.
Triggering Crystallize on an Electro-Charged target will generate an Electro shard.
Picking up multiple shards refreshes the duration of the shield and its Element type.
Shards will always spawn in front of the enemy when possible.
Crystallize has a global reaction-specific ICD of exactly 1 second, where any specific enemy Crystallized by any character is then immune to Crystallize by any character for 1 second. This cooldown prevents further shards to appear and any gauge consumption that would otherwise occur.
Burning is a Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Dendro on a target already afflicted by a Pyro aura or vice versa, dealing Pyro DMG that does not stagger. It ticks once every 0.25s and applies 1U Pyro sometime between 0.25s and 0.42s after the "Burning" text first appears, then once every 2s (assuming enough Dendro and Pyro are applied to the target).
The Burning aura looks similar to the Pyro aura, except it has animated fire above. It acts as a Pyro aura when being reacted with and can be extinguished, leaving the underlying Dendro (and very infrequently, Pyro) aura. The attack that extinguishes Burning can react "through" the Burning aura, allowing a single attack to extinguish the Burning and react with the underlying aura(s).
Whichever character or enemy last refreshes the Burning aura with Dendro or Pyro will take "ownership" of the aura; the damage dealt by Burning depends on the stats of the aura owner.
Burning used to apply 2U Pyro in a small AoE around the Burning object or character every 0.25s. The small AoE of the Burning reaction could apply Pyro to nearby objects or characters afflicted with Dendro, spreading the Burning reaction. Unlike Swirl, the AoE Pyro application of Burning also included the object or character being Burnt, and refreshed the Pyro aura on them. This effectively means that Burning was self-sustaining as long as enough Dendro aura is supplied.
Additionally, the decay rate of the Dendro aura while Burning was the sum of the natural decay rate of the Pyro aura and Dendro aura.
Burning ownership belonged to the character or enemy that last applied the Dendro or Pyro to trigger or refresh the reaction. This ownership could be changed either by directly re-applying Dendro or Pyro, or by spreading the Pyro with Swirled/absorbed Pyro, nothing else.
Heat source was defined as an object that did heating DMGthe Pyro DMG dealt by Dendro Burning. All Pyro Hilichurls were immune to said heating DMG.
For more information, see this Vault Entry.
Bloom is a non-damaging Transformative Reaction triggered by applying Hydro to a target already afflicted by Dendro (or Quicken) or vice versa. Triggering the Bloom reaction generates a Dendro Core, which then either explodes or is used to trigger a second-stage reaction.
A Dendro Core will explode after 6 seconds or if there are already 5 Dendro Cores present and a 6th Bloom is triggered. Applying Electro or Pyro to a Dendro Core will trigger Hyperbloom or Burgeon respectively.
Skills and Bursts with suction (e.g. Venti Burst or Kazuha Skill) can group Dendro Cores. Enemies can also trigger Hyperbloom and Burgeon on Dendro Cores created by players.
All Bloom reactions that deal damage (Bloom Explosion, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon) share an ICD of 2 damage instances every 0.5s (on each enemy), and although they deal Dendro DMG, none of them applies Dendro. It is possible to bypass this ICD by using different sources of Dendro/Hydro/Electro/Pyro to trigger the reactions.
Like Amplifying Reactions, Bloom (the generation of a Dendro Core) consumes a different amount of gauge depending on which Element is the trigger, with the ratio being a 2:1 (Hydro:Dendro), thus Hydro is the "weak" Element in Bloom. Since it is still a Transformative Reaction, the order of application does not affect damage, it only affects the amount of gauge consumed.
On-reaction effects can only be activated when reactions are triggered on enemies or animals (cats, dogs, kitsunes, and animals that give raw meat or fowl as only they can hold auras). They can be activated through Hyperbloom and Burgeon on Dendro Cores with or without any other target nearby. Such reactions are counted as Dendro-related reactions.
Dendro Cores can also block projectiles and attacks that do not react with the Dendro Element (Cryo, Anemo, Geo, Physical, and Dendro itself).
Bloom-related Reaction DMG under DMG ICD can still trigger certain on-CRIT effects such as Xinyan C1, for more information see this Vault Entry.
Bloom Explosion is a Transformative Reaction that deals Dendro DMG and does not stagger. It is triggered when either of the following occurs:
It's been 6s since a Dendro Core has been on-field.
There are 5 Dendro Cores on-field and Bloom is triggered again.
As the 6th Dendro Core is generated, the 1st one explodes.
Bloom Explosion has an AoE radius of 5m and can easily damage the player, but it's reduced by 95% in comparison to the damage dealt to enemies. Bloom Explosions can also damage Ley Line Monoliths.
Hyperbloom is a second-stage Transformative Reaction that deals Dendro DMG when Electro is applied to a Dendro Core, this instance of damage does not stagger. When Hyperbloom is triggered, it creates a Sprawling Shot that targets the enemy nearest to the Dendro Core at the time it's triggered. The Sprawling Shot is a projectile with a small AoE (1m radius) so it can deal self-damage to the player if standing close enough.
The damage dealt by Hyperbloom scales off of the Electro applier's stats, whether it's an Electro character using an Electro attack or an Anemo character Swirling Electro.
Electro Crystals can trigger Hyperbloom. Hyperblooms triggered by Electro Crystals or Enemies are inconsistent in what they do or do not target. For more information, see this Vault Entry.
Burgeon is a second-stage Transformative Reaction that deals Dendro DMG when Pyro is applied to a Dendro core, this instance of damage does not stagger.
The damage dealt by Burgeon scales off of the Pyro applier's stats, whether it's a Pyro character using a Pyro attack, an Anemo character Swirling Pyro, or any melee character under the effect of Bennett C6.
Similar to Bloom Explosion, Burgeon also has an AoE radius of 5m, does 95% reduced damage to the player, and can damage Ley Line Monoliths. The damage dealt to the player is only affected by the player's Dendro RES, and reducing the enemy's Dendro RES does nothing to the self-damage.
Aether frame data (common) - Google Sheets
Aether frame data (Anemo) - Google Sheets
Lumine frame data (common) - Google Sheets
Lumine frame data (Anemo) - Google Sheets
Mc Base ATK Buff
After a certain quest chain in Chapter III: Act I of the Sumeru Archon Quest, the Traveler obtains a Base ATK buff of exactly 3 Base ATK. This buff persists on every Element and is permanent.
YouTube [Archon Quest Spoilers]
For updated stats and calculation purposes.
AMC E Additional Elemental Damage
Anemo MC's Skill is missing talent values for the additional Elemental damage that happens when Elemental absorption occurs.
The additional Elemental damage dealt is 0.25x that of the Anemo damage dealt.
Google Doc showing the additional Elemental damage dealt
There will always be those who dare to brave Anemo MC's blender of numbers.
AMC Hold E Ticks
The Additional Elemental DMG on AMC Hold E ticks between 5 and 6 times, while the Skill itself can tick up to 7 times.
YouTube - There are 2 attempts in the video, the first one shows 5 ticks and the second one shows 6, but it's never 7.
The Additional Elemental DMG seems to randomly start with the second Initial Cutting DMG or with the first Max Cutting DMG.
AMC Hold E is dynamic and Q snapshots, for both the Anemo and the Additional Elemental DMG.
Hold E: YouTube
Unbuffed Max Cutting DMG (0 stacks, no CRIT): 171 Anemo, 42 Electro
Buffed Max Cutting DMG (2 stacks, no CRIT): 199 Anemo, 49 Electro
Tornado DMG (no C6): 824 Anemo, 253 Electro
Tornado DMG (C6 RES Shred): 962 Anemo, 295 Electro
[Deprecated] AMC E Frames Update
AMC E frame counts were previously incorrect.
Currently in the TCL:
Significance: More accurate frame counts with evidence.
Frozen AMC With E Active
When AMC is Frozen right before their E starts doing damage, Palm Vortex will still activate. It has different properties from the typical Palm Vortex, differences are as follow:
There is no Initial Storm Damage after 2 hits, nor is there Max Storm Damage to end the sequence of Anemo DMG.
It won't generate Anemo Particles for party members to collect.
The duration of Palm Vortex is now directly tied to how long AMC is Frozen for.
AMC's Elemental Absorption Priority is Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro, which means AMC's Palm Vortex will always self-absorb Cryo.
It will deal Anemo DMG, and Anemo application still occurs with a normal ICD of 3 hits/2.5 seconds.
Cause of the Extra Absorption Hit On AMC's Hold Skill
As documented in this ticket, AMC's hold E skill's absorbed elemental damage is inconsistent, sometimes missing a hit for no apparent reason.
Investigating further, this is due to a randomly timed aura check. If it happens before the second initial cutting hit, the player gets 6 hits (one initial cutting, four max cutting, one max storm) of absorbed elemental damage. If it happens after or on the same frame as the second initial cutting hit, the player will only get 5 hits of absorbed elemental damage.
This aura check's timing depends on the game's framerate, with the chance of getting a 6-hit starting at ~80% at 60fps going down to ~20% at 15fps. It does not seem to depend on any other common factors such as latency.
At very low fps (~15fps) it is even possible to have the aura check happen so late that it misses the first max cutting hit, resulting in only 4 hits of absorbed elemental damage.
1: 25 Trials on each sibling on 15, 30, 45, and 60 fps
Check the youtube description for timestamps on 4-hits occurring.
2: 69 ping vs 675 ping, showing that latency does not have a significant effect.
These findings have their limitations - more trials are needed to find the exact distribution of aura check frames by fps. It is also possible there are other confounding factors - in earlier trials, tests indicated a rate of ~95% 6-hits at 60fps, but later trials showed ~80%. This is most likely due to simply having too small of a sample to get close to the true value, or possibly a difference in the environment (game settings, external programs, etc.)
Similarly, it is unclear if the difference in absorption rates between Aether and Lumine was due to too small of a sample, or potentially something different about the siblings' mechanics. The same goes for Aether's unusual 45fps rate.
This finding is significant for a few practical reasons and a few larger-scale tc reasons.
Practically speaking, this impacts how AMC handles, especially on lower-end setups. For a specific example, holding AMC's E between ~710ms-810ms ideally results in:
2 initial cutting anemo hits
1 initial cutting absorption hit
1 initial storm anemo damage
1 initial storm absorption damage
2 secondary reactions from the absorption damage
a 5 second cooldown
However, if one's fps is sufficiently low, this outcome can become unlikely, instead often not absorbing at all. This will cause the player to either lose damage or be forced to use a longer hold E to get the same results, which most significantly means higher field time and a longer cooldown.
This also impacts some other interactions, such as how well AMC triggers Shenhe's quills, and the elemental damage distribution on Light of Foliar Incision's passive.
More broadly speaking, this gives us a bit of insight into how the game is coded. For instance, given the lack of variability in fps in the latency-related trials, it is reasonable to assume that the variation in aura check timing (at the same fps level) is an intentional design choice by Hoyoverse, which is very odd, especially given that the data seems to suggest a normal distribution, not a uniform distribution, as one might expect.
Furthermore, this exposes a very pathological way the game interacts with varying FPS. Although this isn't 100% confirmed, it seems like the game decides when to do the aura check by choosing a number of frames to delay after the first initial cutting hit. Thus, with lower fps, the game waits "longer" in ingame time before it actually does the aura check, missing out on some hits. The reason it is presumed to happen after the first initial cutting hit is that even when the game's framerate limit is removed and tests are done at ~300fps, the aura check never occurs before the first initial cutting hit.
If this concept of aura checks being affected by framerate is universal across the cast, this also might be significant for other characters. Wanderer's A1 passive talent comes to mind in particular, as it is possible that the initial burst of anemo damage may interfere with absorbable auras before the check, especially at lower fps. Again though, this is only assuming a similar FPS-related mechanic is at play, which very well may not be the case, especially given how early into the game's history AMC was coded.
Anemo MC's Burst Absorption is 2U
Finding: Anemo MC's Burst is 1U Anemo, but the absorption is 2U.
With delayed absorption, the last absorption Element application matches expected aura duration for 2U absorption with 1U Anemo:
With 1U type decay transfer and immediate absorption, the last absorption Element application matches expected aura duration for 2U absorption:
2U Absorption with 1U Decay
Significance: The increased absorption gauge may be useful for:
Shield breaking when able to absorb a counter Element.
Increased Freeze duration otherwise unavailable due to the rarity of 2U Hydro applicators (only Tartaglia and Kokomi as of patch 2.3)
Anemo MC's Q ability to "pick up" enemies is dependent on level difference
Editor's Note: This same behavior can be observed for Venti. Venti was tested comprehensively by the theorycrafting community; pending submission.
See the video. In the two clips I didn't change anything other than leveling up the character. I also tried putting more attack on her instead when she was level 71 with no effect.
Note that level 71 is sufficient to pick up the enemies on Spiral Abyss floor 11-1, which are level 88, so the level difference requirement might be ~25 or so, since going from 71 to 75 is enough to pick up the level 98 enemies on Floor 12-1.
Significance: Anemo MC needs to be of a sufficiently high level relative to the enemy in order to be at all useful in combat at high enough levels.
AMC Burst AoE
The Additional Elemental DMG has less AoE than the Tornado DMG.
YouTube - In the video there were all 9 instances of Tornado DMG but only 1 instance of Additional Elemental DMG because the Ruin Guard wasn't right next to the pillar and the Tornado was stuck on the pillar.
The Additional Elemental DMG basically only happens when the Tornado goes right through an enemy.
A1: Slitting Wind
Anemo Traveler triggers Mistsplitter NA Stack
Anemo Traveler can trigger Mistsplitter NA Stack with Slitting Wind.
YouTube: Mistsplitter Reforged is seen with zero stacks (no glow) at the beginning, with full Burst. After Anemo windblade hits, a glow is seen, showing that a stack of Mistsplitter has been produced.
AMC can reliably trigger 2 stacks of Mistsplitter Reforged, thereby making them able to utilize it for an Anemo damage boost in cases of teams where they are a dps with their E.
Anemo Traveler A1 counts as Normal Attack
Discussion (NOTE: This ticket was submitted pre-2.1, before Geo Traveler's A4 was fixed)
Anemo Traveler A1 counts as Normal Attack Damage.
Anemo Traveler's A1 Passive Slitting Wind is increased by Normal Attack DMG bonus: https://youtu.be/e6hCib9ZM2Q
Although a minor damage source, Anemo Traveler's A1 Passive damage is increased by DMG bonuses towards Normal Attacks.
MC Elemental Proc Difference
The Elemental proc (Slitting Wind) from the last string of the Traveler's basic attack behaves differently between Aether and Lumine. Specifically, Lumine's Elemental proc happens some time after the last frame of her N5 attack string, while Aether's Elemental proc happens before his N5 attack string occurs.
The possible explanations for this is that the Elemental proc occurs during a specific frame that is shared between both twins, and it just so happens to occur after Lumine's N5 but before Aether's N5.
Lumine's entire N5 sequence takes ~148 frames while Aether's N5 sequence takes ~163, so it is definitely a possibility. However, my device doesn't allow me to framecount very well so I'll leave it as a possible explanation.
Lumine's N5 Combo which shows that the Elemental proc is delayed from the damage number
Aether's N5 Combo which shows the Elemental number almost the same time as the white number, but on some occasions the Elemental number appears before the white number.
Another clip showcases a hilichurl being killed by the Anemo DMG number before the 5th hit.
This means that it is possible for Aether to hit the Elemental proc without/before connecting his fifth attack, while it is possible for Lumine to miss her Elemental proc if she cancels her N5 too fast.
Another possible significance is that this might be a clue to how the Travelers are coded. They might share the same timings for other similar things that manifest at different moments just because of animation difference. As of writing this, no other application comes to mind.
C6: Intertwined Winds
C6 Effect Duration
Finding: Anemo Traveler C6 lasts 10 seconds.
Final hit of Traveler Q at 3 seconds, Venti's Q stops doing extra damage at 13 seconds:
Significance: I didn't see this written down anywhere else, so.
A traveler from another world who had their only kin taken away, forcing them to embark on a journey to find The Seven.
Full Anemo Traveler Guide
5 Minute Guide to Anemo Traveler
Aether is the male Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Lumine is the female Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Absorption priority: Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro
When held beyond the 2 Initial Cutting DMG hits, the Skill's damage, particle generation, and cooldown are all increased; and the last hit is Max Storm DMG instead of Initial Storm DMG.
There is either 0 or 1 instance of Additional Elemental DMG with the 2 instances of Initial Cutting DMG, this is due to a randomly timed aura check which is dependent on framerate.
The duration of Palm Vortex can be extended when Anemo Traveler is Frozen, resulting in many instances of Initial Cutting DMG.
Absorption priority: Cryo > Pyro > Hydro > Electro.
Deals Anemo DMG 9 times at 0.5 second intervals.
The Additional Elemental DMG has less AoE than the Tornado DMG.
Applies 1U Anemo, does 36 Poise Damage, and has Impulse Type 2.
This damage bonus is also considered Normal Attack Damage that also deals Elemental DMG.
This allows Anemo Traveler to activate 3 stacks of Mistsplitter Reforged without requiring infusion.
This instance of damage happens before N5 for Aether and after N5 for Lumine.
This effect lasts 10 seconds.
The Anemo RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Aether frame data (Common)
Aether frame data (Dendro)
Lumine frame data (Common)
Lumine frame data (Dendro)
Without Electro Transfiguration
With Electro Transfiguration
Without Electro Transfiguration
With Electro Transfiguration
Q snapshots on cast
Unbuffed and buffed damage: YouTube
Sara's feather buffs DMC in the middle of animation. Buff persists through entire Burst duration: YouTube
DMC gets buffed after his Burst, then lamp receives Hydro Transfiguration. Damage doesn't change: YouTube
MC Base ATK Buff
After a certain quest chain in Chapter III: Act I of the Sumeru Archon Quest, the Traveler obtains a Base ATK buff of exactly 3 Base ATK. This buff persists on every Element and is permanent.
YouTube [Archon Quest Spoilers]
For updated stats and calculation purposes.
DMC's Skill can hit a Ruin Guard's Weakspot.
DMC Q ticks:
Every 1.5s without Electro Transfiguration, 9 times in total.
Every 0.9s with Electro Transfiguration, 15 times in total.
Every 1.5s without Electro Transfiguration, 11 times in total.
Every 0.9s with Electro Transfiguration, 17 times in total.
DMC Q can't be transfigured with auras on characters or enemies, it only transfigures with Elemental attacks.
With one exception being enemy Burning aura (the AoE spreading part).
Jean's self Swirls resulting from her Q and Bennett's Q can transfigure the Lamp since they are attacks as well.
0-DMG Elemental Attacks can transfigure the Lamp.
0-Gauge Elemental Attacks cannot transfigure the Lamp.
Properties of the extra tick.
Transfiguring the Lamp delays the following tick, causing the last tick to hit after 15s (assuming the Lamp timer starts when the first tick hits the enemy).
if Hydro Transfiguration occurs within 0.15s before or 0.37s after any tick, it's 12 times in total (instead of 11).
if Electro Transfiguration occurs within 0.87s after the 1st tick or between 1.15s and 1.75s after the 1st tick, it's 18 times in total (instead of 17).
DMC Q spawns ~1m directly in front of MC in whatever direction they're facing, and the radius of its range is ~3 Abyss tiles or 7.65 meters (untransfigured, give or take bc of the scalloped edges of the circle).
Hydro-Transfigured DMC Q has a radius of ~5 Abyss tiles (12.75 meters; again, rough estimates because of uneven scalloped edges).
The Lamp can hold a Cryo aura before it's transfigured.
The Lamp can't hold a Cryo aura after it's transfigured.
While the Lamp has a Cryo aura, it will not transfigure until the aura has been removed/decays.
The Lamp can hold Frozen aura. It can also Shatter from this.
Triggering a Superconduct reaction with DMC's Lamp doesn't count as a reaction for Electro Resonance or 4-Piece Instructor.
Damage of the Spreads triggered by DMC's Burst ticks.
AdditiveReactionDamage (flat number added to multiplier) is calculated dynamically with respect to DMC's A1.
The Spread's total damage is calculated with the snapshotted A4 DMG Bonus% for that Lamp tick.
Other Lamp properties:
Oz will target an untransfigured Lamp when summoned without other targets. When enemies are present Oz will prioritize the enemies.
DMC Burst Blooms On Hydro Transfiguration
When coming into contact with Hydro, the Lea Lotus Lamp undergoes a Hydro Transfiguration, which simultaneously produces a Dendro Core. As the Lamp holds a Dendro aura, the trigger would always be the source of Hydro application.
Imgur - Bloom deals 84 self damage
Imgur - Proof of Bloom Ownership
1st Bloom (triggered by DMC): 249 self damage
2nd Bloom (triggered by Mona): 84 self damage
Relevant for teams that use the Bloom reaction; generates a Dendro Core without applying Dendro on enemy units.
DMC Q Extra Ticks And App
Dendro Traveler Q extra ticks and application.
(All findings are by)
By applying Electro shortly after one of the initial ticks of the Lea Lotus Lamp, it will get a third hit just before 2.5s and have an an extra element application, see the video: YouTube The Dendro application sequence is given by 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0. This is 19 hits and 7 applications compared to the normal 17 hits and 6 applications for an Electro-transfigured Lea Lotus Lamp.
Special tech can allow for an extra Dendro application. This is also evidence for a new upper limit for DMC Burst hits (previous documented was 18).
A1: Verdant Overgrowth
A1 timer starts when the Burst is casted, not when the first tick hits.
A4: Verdant Luxury
DMC's A4 doesn't get DMG Bonus% from Sucrose's A4 EM sharing.
DMC's A4 effect on their Burst damage snapshots the EM stat they have when they go off-field and updates it when they come back on-field.
DMC's A4 acts like a DMG Bonus%.
C1: Symbiotic Creeper
DMC C1 generates 3.5 Energy regardless of the number of enemies hit.
C4: Treacle Grass
The 5 stacks from C4 are applied to the 2nd tick even if the Lamp is transfigured before the 1st tick, and its timing is independent from regular A1 stacks (which stays 1 per second).
C6: Withering Aggregation
Dendro DMG Bonus starts when the Lamp is placed down and ends when it disappears, but it does not apply to DMC's Burst since it snapshots slightly before C6 starts.
Hydro/Electro/Pyro DMG Bonus starts as soon as the Lamp is transfigured and ends when it disappears (in the case of Pyro it's about 2 seconds in total).
The buff appears on the stat screen and can be snapshotted.
DMC snapshots 2 Mistsplitter Reforged stacks on Burst cast.
A traveler from another world who had their only kin taken away, forcing them to embark on a journey to find The Seven.
Aether is the male Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Lumine is the female Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
It can hit a Ruin Guard's Weakspot.
AdditiveReactionDamage (flat number added to multiplier) is calculated dynamically with respect to DMC's A1.
The Spread's total damage is calculated with the snapshotted A4 DMG Bonus% for that Lamp tick.
Lotuslight Transfiguration can't be triggered by auras on characters or enemies (except the AoE spreading part of Burning auras on enemies), it can only be triggered by Elemental attacks from characters and enemies.
Zero damage attacks can trigger Lotuslight Transfiguration, but zero gauge attacks can't.
With the correct timing, the Lea Lotus Lamp will do an extra tick right after Lotuslight Transfiguration is triggered.
Hydro: within 0.15s before or 0.37s after any tick.
Electro: within 0.87s after the 1st tick or between 1.15s and 1.75s after the 1st tick.
The Lea Lotus Lamp spawns ~1m directly in front of DMC in whatever direction they're facing.
The radius of the Lea Lotus Lamp AoE is ~3 abyss tiles without Hydro Transfiguration and ~5 with Hydro Transfiguration.
The Lea Lotus Lamp can hold a Cryo aura before it's transfigured and can't be transfigured until the aura is gone.
It can also hold a Frozen aura and be Shattered.
Summons such as Oz and Guoba will target an untransfigured Lamp when there are no enemies nearby, but will target the enemies otherwise.
DMC snapshots 2 Mistsplitter Reforged stacks on Burst cast.
The Lea Lotus Lamp holds a Dendro aura, and when it undergoes a Hydro Lotuslight Transfiguration, it produces a Dendro Core with the Hydro applier as the trigger.
By applying Electro shortly after one of the initial ticks of the Lea Lotus Lamp, it will get a third hit just before 2.5s and have an an extra element application.
A1 timer starts when the Burst is casted, not when the first tick hits, so 1 stack is applied to the first tick.
A4 is calculated as DMG Bonus%.
A4 doesn't get DMG Bonus% from Sucrose's A4 EM sharing.
A4 snapshots the EM that DMC has when they go off-field and updates it when they come back on-field.
C1 generates 3.5 Energy regardless of the number of enemies hit.
The 5 stacks from C4 are applied to the 2nd tick even if the Lamp is transfigured before the 1st tick, and its timing is independent from regular A1 stacks (which stays 1 per second).
Dendro DMG Bonus starts when the Lamp is placed down and ends when it disappears, but it does not apply to DMC's Burst since it snapshots slightly before C6 starts.
Hydro/Electro/Pyro DMG Bonus starts as soon as the Lamp is transfigured and ends when it disappears (in the case of Pyro it's about 2 seconds in total).
Full Talent Values
Aether frame data (common) - Google Sheets
Aether frame data (element) - Google Sheets
Lumine frame data (common) - Google Sheets
Lumine frame data (element) - Google Sheets
Gauges: E (1U), Q (1U), Falling Thunder (1U)
MC Base ATK Buff
After a certain quest chain in Chapter III: Act I of the Sumeru Archon Quest, the Traveler obtains a Base ATK buff of exactly 3 Base ATK. This buff persists on every Element and is permanent.
YouTube [Archon Quest Spoilers]
For updated stats and calculation purposes.
Generates 1 Particle per Skill cast
The Energy gained from amulets is classified as flat Energy.
Different characters can each pick up an amulet generated from one cast.
The ER granted does not affect 4-Piece Emblem of Severed Fate. - ye olde dong
Characters don't have to be on top of an Amulet to pick it up.
Amulets still generate even if Skill hits a shield.
The number of Amulets generated depends on the number of Lightning Blades AND the number of enemies hit.
1 Blade Hit = 1 Amulet
1 Blade Hit vs 2 Enemies = 2 Amulets - ye olde dong
2 Blades Hit = 2 Amulets
Finding: The Amulets created from EMC E can't be picked up right away but can be picked up before they are fully formed on the ground. Counting from the frame E is pressed, it takes an average of 1.79 seconds for a character to be able to pick one up. Amulets can't be picked up simultaneously but if they are close enough, all 3 can be picked up within 5 frames at 60 FPS.
EMC picking up Amulets: YouTube
A different character picking up Amulets: YouTube
Significance: Knowing that there is some range to picking up Amulets, this makes it easier for EMC to be a battery, since there is no need to actively avoid the Amulets after using E. You can walk towards the Amulets (and enemies) while switching to another character and not worry about EMC picking them up.
ER Increase From EMC Amulets Doesn't Affect Passives
Finding: The ER increase from EMC's Amulets isn't factored in for Raiden or Mona A4, meaning they don't get the corresponding Elemental DMG bonus.
Significance: Should be taken into consideration while doing calcs.
ER Increase From EMC Amulets Doesn't Affect Engulfing Lightning
The ER increase from EMC's amulets is not factored in for Engulfing Lightning's passive, meaning it doesn't count for the attack increase it gives.
ATK before amulets: 2240
ATK after amulets: 2240
More reasons to not use EMC with Raiden. May affect calcs that incorrectly assume the ER gained from EMC affects the EL's passive for the stats of the polearm user.
The Energy gained from Burst is classified as flat Energy.
Burst follows standard ICD.
Falling thunder only procs on-hit (like Beidou's Burst), and not on-attack (like Xingqiu's Burst). - ye olde dong
EMC Burst snapshots.
EMC Burst before Bennett
EMC Burst after Bennett
EMC Q Energy Generation Mechanics
Falling Thunder procs from EMC's Burst can generate Energy when hitting Dendro Cores and other targetable non-living objects.
More understanding on EMC Q mechanics. Good for Hyperbloom EMC.
A4: Resounding Roar
A4 only takes into account the Traveler's original ER, picking up an amulet to increase ER, won't change the ER shared by A4.
C4: Fickle Cloudstrike
Electro MC's C4 Mechanics
Findings: If an Amulet made by EMC's Elemental Skill is absorbed while the active character is below 35% Burst Charge, EMC's C4 (which doubles the flat Energy given by an Amulet) will apply regardless of if the final Energy gained exceeds said threshold.
Assuming a T7 Elemental Skill which gives 4 flat Energy at base:
For 40-cost Bursts: 40 0.35/8=1.75 which rounds up to 2 Amulets, meaning two out of three Amulets is absorbed before the 35% threshold, resulting in 20 Energy restored.
For 60-cost Bursts: 60 0.35/8=2.625 which rounds up to 3 Amulets, so all three Amulets are absorbed before the 35% threshold, resulting in 24 Energy restored.
Evidence: The white box marks the edges of the Burst Icon, the scale (shown in purple) was made by catching 4 non-matching Elemental Particles, each line recording how much Energy was gained. The blue line marks the 35% threshold of the Burst.
The final amount of Energy the characters have is from 3 Amulets and 1 off-field non-matching Elemental Particle in a 2 character team. It shows the 40-cost Burst has between 20 and 24 Energy (20 from Amulets and 0.8 from the additional Particle) and the 60-cost Burst has between 24 and 28 Energy (24+0.8=24.8), which proves the theory to be correct.
Video that has all the frames used
Significance: To better understand how Energy works in EMC's kit, which is essential for Energy calcs.
Electro Traveler's C6 is a multiplicative buff
A traveler from another world who had their only kin taken away, forcing them to embark on a journey to find The Seven.
Full Electro Traveler Written Guide
Aether is the male Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Lumine is the female Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Different units can each pick up one Abundance Amulet generated from one Lightning Blade cast to gain its effects.
The Energy Recharge gained from Abundance Amulets does not affect Raiden's A4 Passive, Mona's A4 Passive, the 4-Piece bonus from Emblem of Severed Fate or the Engulfing Lightning.
The number of Abundance Amulets generated depends on the number of Lightning Blades hit AND number of enemies hit.
Hitting a shield will still generate Abundance Amulets
There is a delay before the Abundance Amulets can be picked up, on average 1.79s.
The ER% buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
The Energy regenerated from Falling Thunder is classified as flat Energy.
Falling Thunder DMG snapshots on Bellowing Thunder cast.
Falling Thunder can generate Energy even when hitting Dendro Cores and other targetable non-living objects.
This effect only takes into account the Traveler's original Energy Recharge. Picking up an Amulet to increase the Traveler's ER will not impact the amount of ER shared by Resounding Roar for other Amulet pickups.
This effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This bonus will apply regardless of if the final Energy gained exceeds said threshold.
The damage increase is multiplicative.
Full Talent Values
Aether frame data (common) - Google Sheets
Aether frame data (element) - Google Sheets
Lumine frame data (common) - Google Sheets
Lumine frame data (element) - Google Sheets
MC Base ATK Buff
After a certain quest chain in Chapter III: Act I of the Sumeru Archon Quest, the Traveler obtains a Base ATK buff of exactly 3 Base ATK. This buff persists on every Element and is permanent.
YouTube [Archon Quest Spoilers]
For updated stats and calculation purposes.
[Deprecated] Twins CA MVs Comparison
Theory: Lumine is better than Aether because her CA 2nd hit multiplier is higher.
Evidence: Attached will be 2 images of T6 AA talent pages. The first will be Aether and the second will be Lumine. Using these values, and counting frames, I found that Aether has higher MV/s on N1, N2, N3, and N1C than Lumine but less on every other AA combo. My findings are in this sheet: Google spreadsheet
Significance: Although, I wouldn't recommend using AA for either MC, Aether comes out on top with shorter AA combos which would be more preferred combos anyway. This means that while Lumine has on multiplier higher than Aether's, her AA is still worse than that of Aether. It really shouldn't matter unless you play main DPS though, so play who you want.
Geo Traveler E can be manually detonated
Geo MC Starfell Swords can be manually detonated by over-capping on the maximum amount of Geo Constructs.
Evidence 1: Imgur
Evidence 2: Imgur
Wake of Earth Blocks Geovishap Jump
The Geo Traveler's Elemental Burst walls block a Geovishap from being able to jump over it.
As shown in the video, a Wake of Earth wall in between the Geovishap and the player completely prevent them from being able to jump over it, stopping their jump at the wall's edge.
Enemy movement manipulation when using Geo Traveler in a team comp.
A4: Frenzied Rockslide
Geo Traveler A4 counts as Normal Attack
Anemo Traveler A4 counts as Normal Attack Damage.
Although a minor damage source, Geo Traveler's A4 Passive damage is increased by DMG bonuses towards Normal Attacks.
MC Elemental Proc Difference
The Elemental proc (Frenzied Rockslide) from the last string of the Traveler's basic attack behaves differently between Aether and Lumine. Specifically, Lumine's Elemental proc happens some time after the last frame of her N5 attack string, while Aether's Elemental proc happens before his N5 attack string occurs.
The possible explanations for this is that the Elemental proc occurs during a specific frame that is shared between both twins, and it just so happens to occur after Lumine's N5 but before Aether's N5.
Lumine's entire N5 sequence takes ~148 frames while Aether's N5 sequence takes ~163, so it is definitely a possibility. However, my device doesn't allow me to framecount very well so I'll leave it as a possible explanation.
This means that it is possible for Aether to hit the Elemental proc without/before connecting his fifth attack, while it is possible for Lumine to miss her Elemental proc if she cancels her N5 too fast.
Another possible significance is that this might be a clue to how the Travelers are coded. They might share the same timings for other similar things that manifest at different moments just because of animation difference. As of writing this, no other application comes to mind.
C1: Invincible Stonewall
Geo MC C1 activation after Cast
Geo MC C1 10% CRIT Rate buff becomes active after stone wall is created and does not affect the Burst itself upon activation
Video shows Geo MC with c6 and >90% CRIT Rate not scoring CRIT hits on 3rd hit of his Q.
If the CRIT bonus applied to Burst damage, it would be impossible to not CRIT.
Geo MC's Burst does not apply C1 buff to its own damage (unless a ring from previous Burst still exists)
With C6 the duration of ring is 20s (with 15s cooldown), so it should be possible to maintain the buff on subsequent Burst activations. However, as proven, the first Elemental Burst used will remain unaffected by C1 CRIT Rate buff.
GMC Wake Of Earth Interactions
The visuals (as in the Geo spikes, will henceforth be called stone walls as per game nomenclature) do not actually match the hitbox of the stone walls. The hitbox can exist without the visuals, and it behaves in a way that does not match the visuals.
Visual Illustration of the Stonewall Buff's AoE:
Small red circle = Cast point, acts as the origin of the Stonewall Buff.
Blue cylinder = Buff AoE, cylindrical in shape that conceptually begins as a circular plane in relation to the origin. It extends upwards and downwards from the the initial circular plane. Its length on either direction does not exceed the length of Zhongli's Pillar.
Yellow irregular shapes = Represents the stone walls produced by Wake of Earth (Q). Acts as the visual indicator for the buff's area.
Brown pillar = Represents Zhongli's Stone Stele. No particular purpose apart from scale.
Wake of Earth has some weird properties. Wake of Earth can go invisible if you teleport away. The actual hitbox of the stone walls and the CRIT Rate buff from Invincible Stonewall (C1) still persist.
[CRIT Rate without buff is 34.6% | with buff is 44.6%]
There's probably more things we don't understand about Geo Constructs behavior, and this might help us understand why the stone walls from Wake of Earth do not count for the Geo Constructs limit.
The hitbox for the stone walls from Wake of Earth (Q) actually gets affected by enemy attacks, easily displacing the orientation of the wall and not matching the actual visuals. This means that the hitbox can move while the visuals of the stone wall stay in place.
The displacement is affected by enemy moves that can apply sufficient enough knockback.
Helps us better understand how the stone walls work. Playing around GMC Q means trying to prevent enemies from hitting the walls by staying quite a bit of distance from the stone walls so the mobs stay grouped inside the Burst.
GMC's first constellation, Invincible Stonewall, provides a CRIT Rate and resistance to interruption buff within the radius of Wake of Earth (Q). It is assumed that the resistance to interruption buff comes with the CRIT Rate buff. Henceforth, the combined buff will be referred to as Stonewall buff, but will be tested by observing the CRIT Rate of the characters.
Here are the associated findings:
Stonewall buff doesn't immediately apply to characters on switch. It refreshes every tick (estimated to about 1 second). The buff also lingers for about two seconds.
Unbuffed CRIT Rate of the following:
Doesn't immediately apply on switch
Abilities that snapshot shouldn't be immediately cast on switch. The lingering buff can somewhat help if a character exits the buff area.
Stonewall buff is active even if the stone walls get broken or despawn via other means.
Walls being broken
The buff area is independent from the stability of the stone walls. Just stay inside where the circle would have been anyway.
Stonewall buff has a vertical limit around the cast area of Wake of Earth (Q). Going downwards away from the cast point means losing the CRIT buff. The depth of the buff seems to be a little less than the length of Zhongli's Stone Stele.
[CRIT Rate without CRIT buff is 85.1% | with CRIT buff is 95.1%]
Stonewall buff has an upward vertical limit around the cast area of Wake of Earth (Q). The height of the buff seems to be a little less than the length of Zhongli's Stone Stele.
It is possible for Xiao to not get the CRIT buff if he:
Jumps way too high (such as through collision).
Dash-jumps then lingers on the air slightly .
Takes off from Geo Constructss such as Albedo's Solar Isotoma or Zhongli's Stone Stele, and potentially GMC's Meteorite if they linger on the air too long.
However, the CRIT buff reapplies itself when you get close to the ground.
[CRIT Rate without CRIT buff is 85.1% | with CRIT buff is 95.1%]
Jumping from Solar Isotoma
[CRIT Rate without CRIT buff is 77.1% | with CRIT buff is 87.1%]
With some mob collision
Note: For the following tests, Xiao has 90% CRIT Rate to observe the 10% CRIT Rate bonus from the Stonewall buff. The tests are looking for scenarios where the CRIT bonus does not apply (as in the hits don't CRIT).
Regular Xiao gameplay demonstrating 100% CRIT Rate which reflects most of my tests playing normally
Scenarios where the CRIT Rate can expire:
Taking off from Zhongli's Stone Stele
Taking off from Albedo's Solar Isotoma
Dash-jump-plunge-linger for a bit
More understanding of how the buff works. Can't make use of the buff if the character is too far away from the cast area. Doesn't actually apply in realistic combat if you play Xiao normally (as in plunging at the right vertical height, rather than at the limit). Can potentially matter against enemies with hitboxes that increase Xiao's jump height. Just don't jump too high.
Stonewall buff is based on the position of the initial cast point, not the final position of the walls. You cannot expand the buff area by using Burst on an uneven location. It is also possible to obtain and lose the CRIT buff repeatedly by vertically entering and leaving the buff area.
Further understanding. Supporting the overall concept of the interaction.
Character height does not seem to affect whether or not a unit gets buffed, seemingly based on a unit's foot/standing level instead. However, character height affects a character's jump height so it can determine whether or not they receive the buff if their jump reaches the threshold.
Unbuffed CRIT Rate of the following:
Standing on the meteorite does not remove the Stonewall buff. However, standing on taller Geo Constructss such as Zhongli's Stone Stele means losing the CRIT buff as it is already out of range.
CRIT Rate: 11.2% -> 21.2%
Rockstep and other combos that bring a character on top of the meteorite does not compromise the Stonewall buff.
C2: Rockcore Meltdown
Geo Traveler C2 damage
Geo travelers C2 damage instance is considered Skill damage.
Testing done by
Damage increases with 2gambler bonus - Video
Damage calculations for Geo Traveler
Multiple E Skill Resonance Can Hit 1 Target
Findings: Resonating Geo Constructs with overlapping AoEs will multi-hit enemies
Evidence: Twitch Clip lost to the sands of time
Significance: Geo MC can make the most constructs on the game (2 Meatballs which cap to 3 with Zhong Pillar, and 4 from Ult which don't count towards cap. This can turn small arenas into multi-hitting funzones.
Geo Traveler triggers Mistsplitter NA Stack
Geo Traveler can trigger Mistsplitter NA Stack with Frenzied Rockslide (A4).
YouTube: Geo Traveler starts with 12% Geo DMG Bonus, and after procing A4, goes up to 20% Geo DMG Bonus.
It is possible for Geo Traveler to jump directly from the ground to the top of the meteorite created by Starfell Sword (E), giving characters vertical advantage and allowing certain actions such as plunge attacks. This mechanic can also be used by other characters in the party.
This tech can also be used by other characters with better plunge multipliers:
Rockstep Swap: Noelle
Rockstep Swap: Extended Demo
Other variations follow the same principle of using the meteorite to obtain vertical advantage:
Rockstep: Reverse Plunge
Another variation follows up after using the rock as a shield from enemy attacks (such as Ruin Guard missiles). Do note that character height affects this one; the taller a character, the easier it is to perform.
It can have some fun applications too!
GMC on Fire
More practical applications can include using the vertical advantage to force certain enemy actions.
Mitachurl drops shield
Ruin Hunter takes flight
This is a GMC-specific tech that can be used by other characters. There's potential gain for characters that benefit from having vertical advantage over the enemies, and doing so can trigger certain enemy patterns that may be beneficial to the player.
Analysis on the best weapons/builds for Main DPS Aether and Burst Support Aether.
A traveler from another world who had their only kin taken away, forcing them to embark on a journey to find The Seven.
Full Geo Traveler Written Guide
Aether is the male Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Lumine is the female Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The meteorite is considered a Geo Construct and can be climbed or use to block attacks
Holding allows you to aim where the meteorite appears and has a faster animation time.
Starfell Sword can be manually detonated by over-capping the Geo Constructs limit (3 constructs).
See this Vault Entry for different techniques on using the meteorite.
Creates 4 walls one in each cardinal direction from where the character is facing.
These are considered Geo Constructs but do not count towards the construct limit and cannot be climbed.
These walls do not count towards the construct limit. They greatly improve Zhongli's resonance.
The hitbox can be displaced by certain enemy attacks independently from the visuals of the walls.
This damage bonus is also considered Normal Attack Damage that also deals Elemental DMG.
This allows Geo Traveler to activate 3 stacks of Mistsplitter Reforged without requiring infusion.
This instance of damage happens before N5 for Aether and after N5 for Lumine.
Note that this bonus does not apply to the Burst damage UNLESS it is cast within a prior Wake of Earth.
The buff stays even when the walls are destroyed by enemies or invisible from teleporting away.
The buff is not applied immediately when switching characters, instead it ticks once every ~1s and lingers for ~2s.
The buff has a vertical limit. When characters like Xiao jump from a construct such as Albedo's Solar Isotoma, they will no longer receive the buff. See this Vault Entry for visuals and further explanation.
If a meteorite is destroyed immediately after summoning this will not activate.
Rockcore Meltdown damage is considered Elemental Skill damage.
Only applies to the Traveler.
Full Talent Values
Frame data -
Aether - Google Docs, YouTube, YouTube
Lumine - Google Docs, YouTube, YouTube
ICD - @jyro10
Torrent Surge - no ICD
Dewdrop - 1.5s
Burst - 8s/4 hits
Hold E - YouTube
Tap E with Sacrficial Sword - YouTube
Dewdrop into Torrent Surge - YouTube
Burst - YouTube
Snapshot - @bobrokrot
Hold E - Dynamic - YouTube
Burst - Snapshots at beginning of animation - YouTube
The Arkhe: Pneuma Spiritbreath Thorn can proc the reset on Sacrificial Sword - @jyro10
Hold Skill shoots a total of 22 Dewdrops over the maximum duration. The last Dewdrop is fired simulatenously with the Torrent Surge attack. - @bobrokrot
Traveler (Hydro) remains stationary for a time after using Hold E on ice bridge and the ice bridge melts. Before they fall into the water, they cannot be controlled. - YouTube - @.whalien
Burst doesn't stop against Enemies, Geo Constructs or walls. - @jyro10
Abyss wall - YouTube
Boss enemy - YouTube
Zhongli pillar - YouTube
HMC Burst Hits Dendro Core
HMC's Burst can hit Dendro Cores. Combined with the (very small) AoE nature of damage from her Burst, this can be used to increase damage output.
Make HMC viable again. (this is copium hoyo's probably gonna fix this before this gets published)
Sourcewater Droplets from Skill function similarly to Klee/Aloy Skill when interacing with Anemo abilities. Droplets can be pulled. Burst cannot be pulled. Droplets do not explode at the same time. Droplets do not have innate Hydro aura. - @eyezor.
Imgur - Kazuha pulling HMC Skill but not Burst; Droplets did not explode at the same time
Imgur - Kazuha did not absorb Hydro with just the droplets
Imgur - Venti doesnt pull either Skill or Burst
Imgur - Venti test 2
Imgur - Sucrose Skill and Burst pull HMC Skill but not Burst
Imgur - Sucrose test 2
In co-op, Sourcewater Droplets from other Hydro Travelers do not exist for you. You cannot see other their Sourcewater Droplets and you cannot use them to regain HP. - YouTube - @shampoobrain
A traveler from another world who had their only kin taken away, forcing them to embark on a journey to find The Seven.
Aether is the male Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Lumine is the female Traveler.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The Arkhe: Pneuma Spiritbreath Thorn can proc the reset on Sacrificial Sword.
Hold Skill shoots a total of 22 Dewdrops over the maximum duration. The last Dewdrop is fired simulatenously with the Torrent Surge attack.
Traveler remains stationary for a time after using Hold E on ice bridge and the ice bridge melts. Before they fall into the water, they cannot be controlled.
Sourcewater Droplets from Skill function similarly to Klee/Aloy Skill when interacing with Anemo abilities. Droplets can be pulled. Droplets do not explode at the same time. Droplets do not have innate Hydro aura.
In co-op, Sourcewater Droplets from other Hydro Travelers do not exist for you. You cannot see other their Sourcewater Droplets and you cannot use them to regain HP.
Burst snapshots at beginning of animation.
Burst cannot be pulled by Anemo abilities.
Burst doesn't stop against Enemies, Geo Constructs or walls.
Burst can hit Dendro Cores.
Full Talent Values
After Chapter III: Act I of the Archon Quest, the Traveler obtains exactly 3 Base ATK permanently across all Elements, regardless of their level.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains..
Treasure Hoarders: Crusher
This person was originally a miner one who, even with the allowance they were provided with after the closure of the Chasm, ended up with the Treasure Hoarders for various reasons.
After a brief charge-up, performs a large forward swing with its hammer. Sometimes it will be followed up by a second swing.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains.
Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger
"They say that means digging up the accumulated wealth of our forebears, taking them with us, and... uh, returning them to the economic cycle! What a noble endeavor, am I right?"A certain Treasure Hoarder Gravedigger, while delving deep into a ruin
Does a short charge-up before swinging its shovel at the player.
Digs up some dirt, then throws it at the player. If the dirt hits the player, it will restrict the player's vision for a short while.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains.
Treasure Hoarders: Handyman
These members do physical work and are lower on the pecking order. They are often laughed at for their physique but when the gang comes under attack, they get a chance to show their unexpectedly high strength and agility.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains..
Treasure Hoarders: Marksman
Though they are called "marksmen," this name has an undercurrent of mockery to it, as they use crossbows instead of bows, which require a long period of training to use. It must be said that even hilichurls know how to operate a crossbow. Just point the wider end at the enemy, pull the trigger, and bam that's all there is to it.
Shoots an arrow at the player.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains..
Treasure Hoarders: Potioneer
Risk-takers who utilize their knowledge of chemistry to mix volatile and flammable brews that aid in their comrades' dastardly deeds.
If the player gets too close, it will perform a roundhouse kick.
Throws a potion at the player that will act similar to a molotov of various elements.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains..
Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist
Passionate about battle and muscles, they are quite picky about food and will often boast of the benefits of having a fine musculature, leading to some dissatisfaction from their fellow Treasure Hoarders.
Leans forward, charging up a left hand upward punch. Sometimes it will follow up with a second one right after, into a finishing right handed knockout punch.
Leans forward, charging up a right hand downward punch.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains..
Treasure Hoarders: Scout
Theirs is the legwork and the tailing of targets. They usually wind up in criminal circles due to poverty or lack of education, but they don't seem to have gotten any richer after choosing a life of crime...
Throws a dagger at the player.
If the player gets too close, it will perform a roundhouse kick.
A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains.
Treasure Hoarders: Seaman
"Stealing? What do you mean, stealing? It's re-discovery, I tell you the return of treasure to those who appreciate it! Makes everyone happy, to boot! How great is that, eh?"A certain Treasure Hoarder Seaman, in response to a question posed by a doubtful recruit.
Swings its oar over head at the player.
Starts charging forward, rapidly swinging its oar.
Homu, homu, mimi domu!
Unusual Unarmed Hilichurl
Swings at the player using either its claws or suitcase.
Rummages through its suitcase, then throws projectiles at the player that look like primogems and cabbage.
Rummages through its suitcase, then throws a doll at the player that will explode on impact into confetti, dealing AoE damage.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Tap E ICD: None - Video
Venti autoattack after Elemental Skill faster switching
Finding: Doing a Normal Attack as soon as possible after using Venti's e allows the user to swap to a different character faster.
Significance: Allows you to save a second of animation time when switching character after using Venti's Elemental Skill.
Venti 10 Frame Elemental Skill
Finding: Venti Elemental Skill can consistently be cancelled at 10 frames.
The inputs are: Hold E for 9 frames. Release E. Press Q.
Significance: Saves around 10 frames on E-Q combo (20 frames E -> 10 frames E).
Venti CA Skill Cancel
Using Venti Tap Elemental Skill immediately after shooting a non-ARCC Charged Attack will reduce essentially all of his Skill's animation frames.
Original discovery by Turtlemaster3000 V.2
You do not need to mash Skill to do this, you just need to tap Skill once immediately after Venti exits Aim mode.
This can be done with both hold M1 shots and Aim toggle shots.
I couldn't get it to work with ARCC, probably because ARCC removes the shooting animation which is likely what allows this to happen.
With Aim toggle, it is possible to do this so that Venti does not need to stop walking: YouTube
With hold M1, Venti will stop walking to cast his Skill, but this can be canceled immediately with an action, such as dash, Skill, Burst, Attack, or Aim: YouTube
This is therefore just as good as the Aim toggle version, while also needing less time to shoot the CA.
The hold M1 version seems to rarely if ever work at 30fps, while it is consistent at 60fps.
Proof that this shortened E does damage: YouTube
Crescent Venti stonks. Allows Phys Venti to cast Skill without interrupting the CAs: YouTube
Can also let Venti do 4-Piece Shimenawa tax evasion at low ping.
In more serious terms, this has little practical use for the majority of Venti usage since it requires a CA.
Venti Q Absorbed Element ICD
Finding: Venti's Burst Elemental infusion application follows the standard ICD rules of Elemental application every 3rd hit.
Significance: Once the GUs of Venti ult's absorbed Element has been determined, this can aid us in calculating his single-target Elemental application rate
Venti Q Late Absorption Bug
Venti Burst's Elemental absorption creates an independent and invisible AoE field that always ticks for for the full number of ticks regardless of when absorption happens.
Clips 1 and 2 show that even when absorption happens late, the Elemental infusion damage continues to tick even after Venti's Q ended. I counted 14 ticks in first clip and 15 ticks in second clip, which should be around the max total ticks of early infusion, but I'm not sure why the second clip showed 1 more tick.
Clip 3 (0:30) shows that when an enemy moves away from the area where the infusion happened, they stop taking the infusion damage. Clip 4 (0:45) shows that if an enemy moves into the area where the infusion happened, they'll take tick damage for the remaining duration of the infusion. This shows that the Elemental infusion creates an invisible AoE field that does a set number of ticks before disappearing.
When Elemental absorption happens late into a Venti Q, the damage from Elemental infusion ticks aren't lost as long as enemies stay inside the AoE. However you would still lose out on Swirl damage if there's no Element to be swirled.
Venti Burst Infusion Elemental Gauge Units
Finding: Venti's infusion Elemental damage on his Burst applies 1U of the Element it absorbs.
The last tick of the Hydro damage caused by Venti's Burst Elemental infusion is at about 18 seconds. The Hydro aura fully disappears at about 27 seconds, which means that the damage caused is 1U.
Significance: Can help calculate the Elemental application rate of Venti's Burst, along with determining how reactions should work against enemies caught in an infused Venti Burst.
Venti Burst Anemo Gauge Units
Venti ult Anemo gauge is 1U.
Imgur: From this screenshot, we see that the shield has taken about 10 or 11 pixels of damage, out of a total 111 pixel shield.
Lector shields have need 72 Anemo units worth of guage to break.
So we conclude that around 7 Anemo units were applied from the 7 swirls/applications from Venti's ult.
Thus each application is 1U.
Venti ult Anemo gauge is 1U.
Venti Elemental Absorption Proc Count Correction
Finding: The Additional Elemental DMG from Venti's Burst Procs 13-15 Times.
15 ticks | 60 FPS
14 ticks | 60 FPS
14 ticks | 120 FPS
- YouTube(1) | YouTube(2)
14 ticks | 30 FPS
13 ticks | 30 FPS mode
Significance: Better Accuracy for Calcs Involving Venti.
C1: Splitting Gales
Venti C1 damage
Ventis C1 damage instance is considered CA damage.
Testing done by
Damage increases with 4WT bonus - Video
Damage calculations for Venti.
C6: Storm of Defiance
C6 Venti Resistance Down Duration
The resistance reduction from Venti C6 lasts 10 seconds from the last tick of damage taken. Anemo RES reduction duration can only be refreshed by Anemo DMG ticks, while the infused Element's RES reduction duration is refreshed by that Element's DoT ticks.
Venti's late infusion bug still exists in 1.5.
Anemo Res Reduction: YouTube
Res reduction lasts 10s from last Anemo DMG tick.
Sucrose without RES reduction deals: 91, 83, 104, 130
Sucrose with RES reduction deals: 106, 97, 122, 152
Last tick of Anemo DMG at 0:18
Sucrose stopped dealing increased damage at 0:28.
Elemental Res Reduction (ft. Venti late infusion bug): YouTube
Res reduction lasts 10s from last Hydro DoT tick.
Barbara without RES reduction deals: 76, 71, 83, 111
Barbara with RES reduction deals: 89, 83, 97, 130
Last tick of Anemo DMG at 0:12
Last tick of Hydro DoT at 0:14
Barbara stopped dealing increased damage at 0:24.
Anemo Res Reduction (ft. Venti late infusion bug): YouTube
Anemo RES reduction lasts 10s from last Anemo DMG tick, not influenced by infusion ticks.
Sucrose without RES reduction deals: 25, 23, 29, 36
Sucrose with RES reduction deals: 42, 38, 48, 60
Last tick of Anemo DMG at 0:10
Last tick of Hydro DoT at 0:14
Sucrose stopped dealing increased damage at 0:20
Venti's late infusion bug still exists in 1.5: YouTube
Significance: Here is how long C6 venti debuff lasts since miHoYo didn't bother to list it.
Venti Burst On Top of Zhongli Pillar
Finding: Venti's Vortex can be fired on top of Zhongli's Pillar
Stand 3 square tiles from your desired Venti firing location.
Place Zhongli's pillar, it should be 4 tiles away from the Venti firing location.
Walk to desired Venti firing location and fire Vortex, it should land ontop of it.
Significance: This allows for Venti to pull in targets whilst keeping them just low enough for melee units to hit such as Childe, despite being within the 20 levels to pull them in. However due to unknown reasons, the enemies will float (perhaps due to poise, further investigation is needed) after some time.
One of the many bards of Mondstadt, who freely wanders the city's streets and alleys.
Venti Mains Discord
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Doing a Normal Attack as soon as possible after using the press version of Skyward Sonnet allows the user to swap to a different character faster.
Venti can shorten the starting animation of the press version of Skyward Sonnet by holding Elemental Skill for 9 frames, which starts the animation for the hold version of Skyward Sonnet, and then releasing, which cancels the Hold version into a Press version of Skyward Sonnett. This allows Venti to perform an action immediately after. In total, the Skyward Sonnet cast can be cancelled to be only 10 frames.
Using the Press version of Skyward Sonnett immediately after shooting a non-ARCC Charged Attack will reduce essentially all of the Skill's animation frames.
Absorption priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo
The Stormeye is elevated above the ground. Some attacks are unable to hit enemies that are lifted.
Venti cannot lift enemies that are more than 20 levels above his level.
Elemental absorption can occur at soonest, after the 4th Anemo tick
The additional Elemental DMG will deal 13-15 ticks of damage in the original Burst area, no matter the time of absorption.
The absorption DMG does not share ICD with the DoT DMG
Venti's vortex can be fired on top of Zhongli's pillar, allowing Venti to pull in targets whilst keeping them just low enough for melee units to hit.
Number of ticks is FPS-dependent and inconsistent. 13 or 14 ticks at 30 FPS. 14 or 15 ticks at 60 FPS.
Ventis C1 damage instance is considered CA damage.
The RES shred persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
The resistance reduction from Venti C6 lasts 10 seconds from the last tick of damage taken. Anemo RES reduction duration can only be refreshed by Anemo DMG ticks, while the infused Element's RES reduction duration is refreshed by that Element's DoT ticks.
The effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Normal Attack: 1U
Charged Attack: 1U
Elemental Skill Initial Hit: 1U
Elemental Burst: 1U
Normal Attack: Standard
Charged Attack: No ICD
Elemental Skill Initial Hit: No ICD
Elemental Burst: Standard
Wanderer's Normal Attacks and A4 will track teleporting enemies. Attacks will only track if they are already locked on to the enemy before teleporting.
Wanderer can stun the Aeonblight Drake and he gets knocked back mid-air when the it falls.
If you hug an enemy, both hits of Wanderer's N3 will hit at the exact same frame, which may cause you to lose an A4 proc. Normally there is a short delay in between the 2 hits. - Imgur 1 , Imgur 2
Wanderer's Plunge Attack doesn't startle NPCs.
Wanderer CA Cancel Mechanics
The same CA cancelling that enables 14/15 (C0/1) CAs in non-hydro buffed Wanderer Windfavored state also enables extended strings in other combos such as N2C spam.
Previously at C1 10% attack speed, the max N2C combo was thought to be 6N2C N2, but utilizing the same mechanic that enables CA spam, 7N2C can be reached.
7N2C (C1, 10% attack speed) with precise inputs to cancel CA - Video
Replicated for consistency and to show that it was not a one off glitch - Video
6N2C N2 (C1, 10% attack speed) with no precise inputs, just spamming to prequeue N2 as the CA is going - Video
Proof that this is replicable and not pseudorandom/does not require macro - Video
Timing (or semi timing when you start spamming attack input after CA) seems to much more consistently yield 6N2C Burst (with burst actually happening within the Windfavored duration) at C0.
Most other examples have the last CA simply extending the skill window (thus not allowing Burst out of the last CA). This further places some merit in the hypothesis that timing your attack inputs to line up with a specific point in the CA animation rather than just trying to prebuffer inputs as soon as possible yields a faster/more consistent attack string.
This video is C0, 0% attack speed - Video
Wanderer's CA seems to have a special property that allows a precise input cancel to even further cancel it's animation past just prequeueing an attack. This leads to extended string such as 7N2C (with C1) or 6N2C Burst (at C0 with burst happening within the Windfavored duration, thus gaining any infusion properties) being possible, while also explaining how his CA spam is able to reach 14/15 (at C0/C1 respectively).
Wanderer's Interruption Resistance is highly increased while in his skill activation.
Wanderer is immune to being frozen during his Elemental Skill's casting animation (the reaction still happens, but he doesnt get frozen, same behavior as bosses)
Wanderer's Windfavored state lasts exactly 10 seconds if you stay still or only use normal attacks.
Wanderer makes 1 particle on hit during his Windfavored state, with a 2s particle generation ICD
The Windfavored state allows Stamina to regenerate in the background.
Wanderer can move/strafe slowly in any direction while attacking, at no extra Kuugoryoku Points cost.
Wanderer can extend his Windfavored state by performing a Charged Attack just as his Kuugoryoku Points run out. - an odd
There are large differences in the horizontal distance gained based on how you input sprint during Wanderer's Windfavored state. - an odd
Worst to best distance gained:
Spamming sprint - Video (0:02)
Holding sprint - Video (0:17)
Holding sprint + tap sprint only at the end for extension - Video
Normal flight speed + tap sprint only at the end for extension - Video (0:48)
Windfavored state expiry can disrupt the casting of N3.
Wanderer can generate particles from his Windfavored state and possibly proc A4 if his Elemental Skill was cast while the attack is in the air.
Wanderer can gain more height during his Windfavored state from holding Jump than tapping. This is done by releasing Jump before the ticking consumption for ascending begins. - an odd
Wanderer's Kuugoryuku Point drain rate while dashing and ascending is dependent on the client's frame rate. A higher frame rate will result in a higher drain rate. - an odd
Hover: No difference - Video
Hold dash: Relevant difference - Video
Hold jump (ascending): relevant difference, Hydro Absorption for A1 to reduce initial jump timing's influence on height - Video
Wanderer Can't Bounce On Mushrooms If He Exits Windfavored State
When Wanderer exits the Windfavored State and still has Kuugoryoku Points, he wont be able to bounce on Bouncy Mushrooms. However, if he runs out of Kuugoryoku Points, he will be able to bounce on the Bouncy Mushrooms.
Maybe the state of falling after forcibly ending the Windfavored State isnt actually falling for the Bouncy Mushrooms. Mostly hard and non-fluffy stuff since you dont bounce.
A1: Jade-Claimed Flower
Wanderer's absorption priority is Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo. - Google Sheet
Wanderer can absorb Pyro from Guoba for the purposes of his A1.
Wanderers A1 buff indicators disappear visually at around 5 seconds into the Windfavored state, but the buffs remain. - Magnus
Wanderer's Elemental Skill cast absorbs Elements applied to yourself for his A1, but does not cleanse them.
Electro-Charged - Video
Frozen - Video
A4: Gales of Reverie
Wanderer's A4 passive trigger and point consumption is client-side. The check for when Wanderer runs out of points is server-side. - an odd
Upon disconnecting to the internet, the following occurs:
Video: Wanderer can proc and fire his A4 arrows. He also continues to drain points and stays in his Windfavored state even with none remaining.
Video: Wanderer is able to enter and manually exit his Windfavored state, demonstrating that the act of exiting is not server-side.
Wanderer can gain the Descent effect and simultaneously fire off its arrows during a sprint animation. However, he does not benefit from the point reduction, i.e. he spends points to sprint (as this is deducted at the start of his sprint). - an odd
Wanderer A4 Arrows Cut-Off
Wanderer will not fire the wind arrows from his A4 if he dashes more than 590 frames (at 60fps) after entering his Windfavored state.<sup></sup> This cutoff frame is not ping dependent.<sup></sup>
Google Sheets - Frame data
YouTube - Test at high ping, showing that arrows still fire only before the cutoff frame. Listed in sheets as Video 3.
You should not dash too late if you wish to fire off Wanderer's A4 arrows near the end of his Windfavored state.
Effects that modify the consumption of stamina points do not alter the consumption of Wanderers Kuugoryoku Points.
While Wanderer is in the Windfavored state and he has Wine and Song equipped, his mid-air dashes triggers the ATK% buff from the weapon's passive. The stamina reduction part of Wine and Song doesn't work on Wanderer's Kuugoryoku Points consumption. - Video 1 , Video 2 , Video 3 , ,
A wayfaring figure whose identity is a mystery. He dresses like a mountain ascetic, but he certainly does not act the part.
Wanderer Quick Guide
Wanderer's Normal Attacks and A4 can track teleporting enemies.
Wanderer can stun the Aeonblight Drake and he gets knocked back mid-air when the it falls.
If you hug an enemy, both hits of Wanderer's N3 will hit at the exact same frame.
Wanderer's Plunge Attack doesn't startle NPCs.
Wanderer's CA seems to have a special property that allows a precise input cancel to even further cancel it's animation past just prequeueing an attack.
Interruption Resistance is highly increased while in Elemental Skill activation.
Wanderer is immune to being frozen during his Elemental Skill's casting animation.
Windfavored state lasts exactly 10 seconds if you stay still or only use normal attacks.
Wanderer makes 1 particle on hit during his Windfavored state, with a 2s particle generation ICD.
The Windfavored state allows Stamina to regenerate in the background.
Wanderer can move/strafe slowly in any direction while attacking, at no extra Kuugoryoku Points cost.
Wanderer can extend his Windfavored state by performing a Charged Attack just as his Kuugoryoku Points run out.
There are large differences in the horizontal distance gained based on how you input sprint during Wanderer's Windfavored state.
From worst to best distance gained: spamming sprint, holding sprint, holding sprint and tap sprint at the end for extension, normal flight and tap sprint at the end for extension.
Windfavored state expiry can disrupt the casting of his N3.
Wanderer can generate particles from his Windfavored state and possibly proc A4 if his Elemental Skill was cast while the attack is in the air.
Wanderer can gain more height during his Windfavored state from holding Jump than tapping. This is done by releasing Jump before the ticking consumption for ascending begins.
Wanderer's Kuugoryuku Point drain rate while dashing and ascending is dependent on the client's frame rate. A higher frame rate will result in a higher drain rate.
Hover has no difference, while holding dash or jump have relevant differences.
Effects that modify the consumption of stamina points do not alter the consumption of Wanderers Kuugoryoku Points.
When Wanderer exits the Windfavored State and still has Kuugoryoku Points, he wont be able to bounce on Bouncy Mushrooms. Otherwise, if he runs out of Kuugoryoku Points, he will bounce off the Bouncy Mushrooms.
Absorption priority: Pyro > Hydro > Electro > Cryo.
Wanderer can absorb Pyro from Guoba.
Buff indicators disappear visually at around 5 seconds into the Windfavored state, but the buffs remain.
Elemental Skill cast absorbs Elements applied to yourself, but does not cleanse them.
Wanderer's A4 passive trigger and point consumption is client-side. The check for when Wanderer runs out of points is server-side.
Wanderer can gain the Descent effect and simultaneously fire off its arrows during a sprint animation. However, he does not benefit from the point reduction, i.e. he spends points to sprint (as this is deducted at the start of his sprint).
Wanderer will not fire the wind arrows from his A4 if he dashes more than 590 frames (at 60fps) after entering his Windfavored state. The cutoff frame is not ping-dependent.
Full Talent Values
Weapon infusions that are not explicitly stated to be "unable to be overwritten" operate through applying
Elemental gauges to the weapon itself. The Pyro > Cryo > Electro paradigm of infusion overwriting is a result of gauges.
interacting with each other in specific ways that yield the appearance of a hierarchy, but is not true.
YouTube infusion tests
Infusion Tests GIF
Weapon Elemental Gauge Units or WU, can be used to describe the strength of Weapon infusions. Keqing infuses her
weapon once on double casting E and Diluc infuses his weapon every 0.5 seconds if it isn't imbued with Pyro.
The duration of these gauges differs between characters. Reactions on weapons follow the known reaction modifier rules
from other types of Elemental application, and similar to Self-auras, can oscillate directly between elements without shifting to Physical.
Arrows are self applied aura entities
Finding: Arrows are self-applied aura entities.
Ventis arrows are swirled in the rain and Ambers arrows are vaporized in the rain, showing that arrows are self-applied aura entities.
Venti swirling twice in the rain
Amber vaporizing in the rain
Rain Swirl damage
Conclusion: Arrows are entities that are infused with the same aura they apply.
Infusion is a mechanic that converts a character's attacks to a specific Element. This affects all Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, and Plunge Attacks. Infusions can be overridden unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Infusions apply a 1WU (Weapon Gauge Unit) every refresh timing if overrideable. This follows standard reaction principles.
List of Infusions and Characteristics
Arrows are continuously self-infused with the same Elemental Gauge of the attack.
List of Arrow Infusions by Element
Bane of ... Series
Lion's Roar Passive Applies to all forms of DMG inflicted on Electro-Debuffed Enemy
Keqing with no artifacts on and only a Lion's Roar. I autoattacked a hilichurl, cast stiletto for Electro-debuff, then autoattacked again. Here are the 2 white(physical) numbers recorded.
400dmg - no debuff
469dmg - with Electro aura
Lion's Roar passive applies to all forms of damage inflicted upon Electro-debuffed monsters. This means that it is not only Electro-based damage being increased, but also Physical damage.
Lions Roar Passive Works while the Holder is Off-Field
Lion's Roar passive is still in effect and will boost damage even when equipped character is off-screen
C2 Xingqiu with Fillet Blade and 631 total attack.
1st wave: 161
2nd wave: 183 with reduced Hydro Res
Same Xingqiu with base Lion's Roar and 635 total attack.
1st wave: 186 damage on Electro-afflicted enemy
2nd wave: 211 damage on Electro-afflicted enemy with reduced Hydro Res
Equipping support characters with Lion's Roar/Dragon's Bane/Rainslasher that deal damage even when off screen is a viable choice to increase damage output. For example, XingQiu in an Electro (Keqing) or Pyro (Diluc) focused team.
Weapons with Bane Passive Applies to Amplifying Reactions, but not Transformative Ones
Can Lions Roar, 4TS, dragon's Bane, Raven's Bow increase reaction DMG?
The answer is no, for Transformative reactions
But yes for Amplifying Reactions (melt and Vaporize)
Test 1: EC
both shown 1022 DMG, lion's roar doesn't boost Electro-Charged DMG
Test 2: Overload
Both shown 1296 DMG, lions Roar doesn't boost Overload DMG
Test 3: Vaporize
Lions Roar and other weapons that have similar passive dont increase transformative reactions damage but do increase Damage for amplifying reactions.
Blackcliff Sword effect Persists through a Character Swap
Blackcliff Sword effect doesnt activate if a Support takes the Kill
Blackcliff Sword effect doesnt activate if a CO-OP Member takes the Kill
Evidence: YouTube (refer to link above for original ATK values)
Blackcliff Sword Effect Persists Even if the Holder Switches Off-Field
Does Blackcliff bonus apply while the wielder is off field?
And can you still get the buff if you kill the enemy with your Skills while you're in the off field?
The answer is yes, it does apply to any char Skills that remains in the field even if the character already switched
Test 1: XQ using blackcliff without inactive buff
Test 2: XQ using blackcliff with the active Buff
Test 3: XQ using blackcliff killing enemies while in off field, does he still get the buff?
No, he does not
From the test we can conclude that the buff can be applied to their Skills even if they are not in off field, this also works on Fischl's Oz and Xiangling's Guoba.
For example, you can get a kill on Blackcliff Fischl, cast Oz, then swap off and Oz will still receive the Blackcliff buff
The BC holder must be on field to activate the Blackcliff effect.
Favonius Weapons do not proc on Shielded Enemies
Testing was done using Diona @ around 40% CRIT Rate spamming normal attacks with an R1 favonius warbow, and a Xingqiu @ around 40% CRIT Rate using normal attacks with an R1 favonius sword. 3 minutes on average I attacked a Hydro abyss mage and a shielded cyro slime, on both characters. All 4 tests resulted in 0 procs. When shields were broken, favonius proc'd as expected (60% chance per CRIT). Shielded Fatui skirmishers on the other hand, does not prevent favonius from working since it does not block DMG completely like the others.
Short demonstration: Streamable link lost to the sands of time
Favonius weapons suffer the same drawback as sacrificial and does not provide itself as an alternative weapon choice against shielded enemies. This leaves favonius where it was before, the inferior option against sacrificial unless you have no better.
Favonius Weapons Procs On Multiple Enemies
Favonius weapons passive proc per enemy against multiple targets
Tested with R2 Favonius Sword (70% proc chance) and 100% CRIT Rate
Using Xinyan E (duration 12s) to time passive cooldown
Expected proc chance if the passive proc per enemy : 91%
Result : 134 attempts, 123 proc, 11 non-proc
91.8% proc chance
Video 1 (21 attempts)
Video 2 (48 attempts)
Video 3 (65 attempts)
Favonius Weapons are more effective on character with large AoE abilities/against multiple targets
Favonius Proc Calculator
Favonius weapon passive activation probability plotter (Desmos graph).
The graph plots the probability of activating the Favonius weapons' Passive against the holder's CRIT Rate, depending on the number of rotations, the number of hits per rotation and the refinement level of the weapon.
I will only summarize the derivation of the equation used, since the problem at hand is elementary. The assumption is that, after a hit, there are two possible ways to not activate the weapon's passive:
1 Your attack deals CRIT DMG but the passive doesn't activate, with the probability P1 = C (5-R)/10 and
2 Your attack doesn't deal CRIT DMG, with the probability 1 - C,
where C and R are the CRIT Rate and Weapon Refinement Level, respectively. After h hits, there's then 2^h different ways to not activate the passive. However, most different ways haven't a unique probability of occurring. This makes it possible to simplify the total probability of not activating the passive to (P1 + P2)^h. This expression is then subtracted from 1 to give the probability of activating the passive, and this is raised to n to get the probability for n rotations. The inverse function is also included in the graph.
Offers an easy way to visualize how the probability changes with the CRIT Rate. I initially made it to more easily come up with reasonable CRIT Rate assumptions for the KQMC.
Crescent Pike Procs Benefit From All Relevant Damage Bonuses
Crescent Pike Procs benefit from all relevant damage bonuses
Pike Procs without Geo resonance does 66 damage per proc: Imgur
Pike Procs with Geo resonance does 73 damage per proc: Imgur
Pike Procs with 4LW and 4TS:
Thanks to for providing the clips for 4LW and 4TS
4LW calc: 1391(1+31.5%+35%)40%0.500.7=322
4TS calc: 1078(1+31.5%+35%)40%0.500.7=249
Similar to how Skyward Weapon procs benefit from Physical damage bonus. Crescent Pike Procs benefit from all relevant damage bonuses (phys, 4LW, 4TS, Geo Resonance) since it's based off the user's stats.
Lithic Weapons And Childe
Childe does not contribute a stack to the Lithic Weapon Series while in the party.
YouTube (Footage provided by haafr)
Characters that could reasonably use Lithic weapons will not get a stack from Childe while he is in the team. A character like Xiangling will have to account for not getting a stack of the Lithic weapon buff, notably the CRIT Rate buff, while doing calcs/sims/optimizing/building.
Millennial Movement Series
Millennial Movement Stack Mechanics
Theory/Finding/Bug: Millennial Effect Overlap Behavior
Different weapons with the Millennial Movement effect can stack, however effects of the same buff-type will override each other. IE Elegy at R5 produces a 40% ATK Bonus and a 200 EM bonus for the team however an R2 Song of Broken Pines produces a 25% ATK Bonus and a 15% normal ATK speed bonus. If Elegy procs first and Pines second, the EM bonus from Elegy will stay applied however the 25% ATK Bonus will override the 40% ATK Bonus and lower the overall effect of the shared buffs takes the most recent proc even if it takes the lower value.
No Buffs active
R5 Elegy active (40% ATK and 200EM bonus)
R2 Broken Pines active on top of Elegy (25% ATK from Pines overrides 40% from Elegy, however 200 EM from Elegy remains)
Millennial Movement passives can stack, however if a buff type overlaps (ATK, movement speed, EM, etc....) then the last effects will override the previous effects while leaving the non-overlap effects alone.
This means that mismatched refinements with overlapping effects can affect the complexity of when Millennial buffs need to proc, so either an Elegy and Pines on the same team should both be R1, R2, etc or it means that the player has to be aware of the order of operations for their swap comps.
Elegy Stack Inconsistencies
On-field stack gain is consistent across all FPS with damage ticks excluding Amber due to her multiple damage ticks/0.2s and sometimes Saras Burst where the different pairs of thunderbolts appear at different times.
Off-field stack gain:
Amber: We count stacks gained by the end of the Burst. At 30 FPS she can get 2-3 Elegy stacks, at 60 FPS she could consistently gain 4 stacks by the end of her Burst. Note for some people at lower pings there seems to be inconsistencies at 60 FPS.
Q only: At 30 FPS it will take 7 damage ticks consistently to proc elegy across all pings from our testing. At 60 FPS Venti can proc the Elegy buff at 4 damage ticks, however for some people it isnt consistent, Venti will proc Elegy at around 4-6 DMG ticks and very rarely 7.
E-Q : Using Vyes consistent videos. At 30fps it takes 4 Q damage ticks after E to get 4 stacks. At 60fps it takes 3 Q damage ticks to get 4 stacks.
After the initial hit the 2 sets of lightning bolts can spawn at different times. Counting the damage ticks and stack count of 1 set of lightning bolts after the initial hit to make it less confusing. At 3 bolt damage ticks she could get 2 more stacks (total 3 stacks) and she could also get 1 more stack(total 2 stacks). At 60 FPS there are similar results inconsistently getting 2 or 3 stacks at 3 damage ticks.
30 FPS: Video
60 FPS: Video 1, Video 2, Video 3
30 FPS (Q): Video 1, Video 2
30 FPS (E+Q): Video
60 FPS (Q): Video 1, Video 2, Video 3
60 FPS (E+Q): Video
30 FPS: Video
60 FPS: Video
Server sided registration on Elegy stack gain means that unstable ping can lead to different amount of damage ticks to proc 4 stacks. The longer time required to gain 4 stacks (if possible) needs to be taken into account for rotations with heavy and fast quick-swapping, to counteract the long time, Amber should stay on the field for 1 second or use E after using her Q before switching to 4-Piece VV supports in Hu Tao teams. Venti should always E+Q as it brings the time to gain 4 stacks down massively. Sara should use her C2 and Charged Attacks before using her Q to make sure she can guarantee the 4 Elegy stacks before switching to other characters.
Freedom-Sworn Interaction With Weapon Infuse
Freedom-Sworn does not gain a stack when a weapon gauge infusion takes place.
In this video Keqing equipped with Freedom-Sworn triggers an Overloaded Reaction and gains a visible stack. When infusing her weapon with Electro after having a Cryo Infusion, she does not gain the Freedom-Sworn buff, as seen by the visible stack remaining and her attack not increasing.
This is not a method to trigger Freedom-Sworn's passive.
Royal Weapon Series
The Effective CRIT Rate of Royal Weapons (& Simulator)
Tool used to run simulations for Royal weapon line CRIT hits.
File > Make a Copy
Navigate to "Sim" sheet
Change Base CRIT % & Refine Rank
Ran simulations (using google sheet's randomize function) over 10,000 runs, each for 5%, 15% and 50% CRIT Rate.
Recorded the average CRIT occurrence for each set of 10,000 runs, for 10 times.
Averaged the results from 10 trials and came up with the average effective CRIT Rate.
The same was done for refinement rank 1, 3 and 5.
Avoid CRIT Rate circlet and minimize CRIT Rate rolls on your substats.
The royal weapon line behaves, strangely, I know.
If you are SOL on artifacts however, the Royal weapons can make for a decent choice.
How Royal LongSwords Passive Works
The sword is a rare case of actually working while off field. While Sacrificial sword is one of Xingqiu BiS this weapon would be more optimized for a dps build over the Harbinger of Dawn due to the overall higher raw stats it provides
Further elaborating on @Pleinair's submission, Royal Longsword works exactly as written even when XQ is off field.
More evidence from Pleinair: YouTube
As with above conclusion, there might be a use case where Royal Longsword offers a higher DPS ceiling than sacrificial or becomes a valid F2P alternative if players can mitigate the recharge loss through substats or a Hydro DPS.
The video also reveals that there might be a tiny ICD on Royal Sword's ability, or that multiple Hydro swords in a single wave count as 1 hit or a single source of damage, since only 1 stack of CRIT was granted. The second seems likely given how each wave only applies one instance of Hydro now. However it has also been observed that swords can CRIT independently.
This also raises the question of other royal weapon use cases with off screen DPS, such as Royal Bow and Fischl's Oz.
EDIT: XQ's rain sword orbitals do not count as a hit when they apply Hydro, not CRIT boost there.
Royal Series Dynamic Stacking on Snapshot DoT Skills
Lisa's Q snapshots CRIT stacks from Royal Grimoire but the damage from the Q ticks will dynamically change the number of stacks
The passive of royal weapons continues to stack even when a snapshotting Skill deals damage over time. First, cast the Skill at low CRIT, and have the character gain CRIT from royal weapon's passive while the Skill maintains its low CRIT Rate because it snapshots. This allows stacks to be gained without an increased chance of losing them. Which means, the increased CRIT Rate can then be capitalized on by casting high damage abilities during that window of increased CRIT Rate.
Royal Series AoE Abilities and Mechanics
Finding: AoE abilities do "snapshot" CRIT Rate.
The tests were conducted as follows: gain 5 stacks of a Royal weapon, exit combat and then raise CRIT Rate up to >100%. Then use an AoE ability and counter the number of non-CRIT hits.
If CRIT didn't "snapshot" and instead was calculated one by one, then after the first CRIT the CRIT Rate would drop to ~60% due to losing 5 stacks of a R1 Royal weapon and the 2nd instance of damage would have a reasonable chance to not CRIT.
In the above tests, not a single event of non-CRIT has been observed which allows us with a reasonable amount of confidence claim that AoE abilities do "snapshot" CRIT Rate.
For Royal weapons it means that they can potentially have an increased efficiency given a right rotation. Although you can't gain multiple stacks with an AoE ability, what you can do is take advantage of the stacks you already gained through single-target attacks. Damage dealt to all targets is guaranteed to have an increased constant CRIT Rate, although it requires further analysis whether it actually yields better efficient CRIT Rate or not for different rotations and combinations of base CRIT Rate and Royal refinements.
One particular character that could take advantage of this that comes to mind is Yanfei since her typical attack pattern consists of 2-3 single-target attacks followed by an AoE attack (which coincidentally cares about scoring CRIT hits).
Mechanics of Royal weapon stacks:
After gaining a stack you cannot gain another one for a small period of time (cooldown).
For an AoE ability, damage instances dealt by the ability, including damage dealt by reactions Overload, Swirl and Superconduct caused by the ability, are put in a list. Then the game applies the following logic to all elements of the list one by one:
if nocrit then
if nocrit and CRITstackCD=true then
else remove CRITstack
Stacks can be gained when the character equipped with the Royal weapon is off-field.
Sucrose's quick N1-N2 gaining 1 stack instead of 2 and multiple evidence of an AoE ability gaining no more than 1 stack when it non-CRITs multiple times.
After a single-target ability CRITs and causes a Swirl, the number of stacks is reset to 1 instead of 0 implying that damage from a Swirl is taken into account and is considered as non-CRIT.
Superconduct and Swirl chain reactions
Overload and Electro-Charged
Royal weapons have an increased efficiency in situations when the holder triggers Overload, Swirl or Superconduct due to the fact that they can potentially always have at least 1 stack.
Mathematical Analysis of Royal Weapon Effective CRIT Rate
A mathematical formula to find the effective CRIT Rate of Royal weapons is not yet in the library, there is only a table and a simulation.
Use the following equation to analytically calculate for the final CRIT Rate after using Royal Weapons:
Math and explanation in here: Google Doc
There is a python function in the doc to calculate effective CRIT Rate from character CRIT Rate and weapon refinement level. It's a useful tool if anyone ever wants to get this to work with fringe snapshot builds.
It was found that the CRIT Rate that the weapons passive had decreased the higher the CRIT Rate of the character was. The passive of the weapons performs poorly in comparison to other CRIT value stat sticks (Blackcliff series that is also from the shop, Harbinger of Dawn, etc.), and is only really comparable at extremely low values of investment into CRIT Rate. While there is an argument that these would have value in the hands of new players who cannot invest into CRIT Rate that much, it would also be a terrible long term investment for them as the weapon would naturally become worse and worse as they play.
Average ER Gain from Sacrificial Weapons
Finding: Average ER gain from Sacrificial Weapons has decreasing returns when increasing refinement.
Math and Explanation
Significance: This mathematically shows why units with low Skill cooldowns are not great pairings with sacrificial weapons, and also show which units are ideal for these types of weapons.
Sacrificial Weapons do not proc on Shielded Enemies
Testing was done with Diona hold E with R1 sacrificial bow and XQ E with R1 sacrificial sword. Both units used 50 E Skills on shielded Pyro abyss mages and shielded Geo slimes with 0 procs for both cases. When shields were broken, sac weapon procs were as expected. (40% chance per hit on R1)
Short Demonstration: Streamable video lost to the sands of time
This has many applications in combat, especially in abyss where timed trials will be affected by proc frequency and subsequently Burst uptime. Sacrificial weapons are among the best support options so understanding their mechanics are necessary.
Sacrificial Passive With Multiple E Stacks
When a character with multiple charges of their Elemental Skill procs the sacrificial passive, the Elemental Skill cooldown shown on the timer is the cooldown that will be reset.
I cast one Sucrose E, waited until the first cooldown was down to 5s, and cast the second E. A reset occurred, and the time of the second cooldown was ~15s (minus 10% due to Anemo resonance in video). So, whatever timer is currently showing is the one which will be reset.
The same occurs for Ganyu C2 and Klee.
Any serial-cooldown, multi-cast Skill user may waste sacrificial procs by causing a reset when their first cooldown is near 0s. Since the timer on stacked Skills begins with the first Skill cast out of the stack, and that Skill is the one which is reset (not the longer, still waiting cooldowns), resets can be completely wasted on characters with multiple stacks. For example, with Sucrose it is possible to reset a Skill with 0.1s of cooldown remaining, then have a stack of 15s go onto cooldown afterward. To get the most out of the cooldown benefit of sacrificial weapons, characters with multiple stacks might consider using stacks as quickly as possible.
Sacrificial Weapons Interactions
I documented every Sacrificial Weapons' interactions with characters that have Elemental Skills that hit multiple times. Check the Google Sheet in the Evidence for all the details.
Helpful for character building, documents which characters are able to proc sacrificial weapons with multi-hit Skills
Sacrificial Weapons Procs On Multiple Enemies
Sacrificial weapons passive proc per enemy against multiple targets
Tested with R3 Sacrificial Sword (60% chance to proc) against two targets
Using Noelle E (cooldown 24s) to time passive cooldown
Expected proc chance if the passive proc per enemy : 84%
Result : 137 attempts, 114 proc, 23 non-proc
83.2% proc chance
Video 1 (32 attempts)
Video 2 (49 attempts)
Video 3 (56 attempts)
Sacrificial Weapons are more effective on character with large AoE Skills/against multiple targets
Sacrificial Weapons Can Proc Even If The Elemental Skill Is Not On Cooldown
The passive of Sacrificial weapons can proc even if the Elemental Skill is not on cooldown.
Better understanding of Sacrificial weapon mechanics.
Elemental Skills That Don't Proc Sacrificial Weapons
There are certain specific Elemental Skills that can't proc the passives of Sacrificial weapons, despite being considered Elemental Skill DMG. This includes Sayu hold E roll, Anemo Traveler hold E Cutting DMG, Mona A1 and Keqing C1.
Sayu Roll - Imgur
Anemo Traveler Cutting DMG - Imgur
Mona A1 - Imgur
Keqing C1 - YouTube
Sacrificial weapons are not a reliable indicator of whether or not something is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
Skyward Harps passive has the ability to CRIT
When shooting with the Skyward Harp, it is possible to achieve a Critical hit on the passive ability.
User Cola Sen was discussing in theory crafting about the Skyward Harp when its ability to CRIT came into the conversation. Afterwards they decided to test out their hypothesis and reported on their findings:
video Skyward Harp passive scoring CRIT hits
When using the Skyward Harp, it is now apparent that it is slightly better then we originally thought as its own passive gains benefits from the CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG that the Harp provides.
Skyward Blade Description Clarification
Skyward blade does not increase your damage after Elemental Burst but adds an additional line as bonus damage using the values on the description.
Its separate line of damage CRITs individually from the normal attacks.
Current Description: "Increases the DMG of Normal and Charged Attack hits by 20% for 12s."
More Accurate Description: "Normal and Charged Attacks deal an additional 20% of Normal/Charged ATK as DMG for 12s" (this additional damage is dealt separately)
Less synergy with Electro builds since the bonus damage is a separate instance of white damage
Synergises well with Physical builds
Skyward Pride Damage Interaction with 4 Piece Gladiators
Skyward Pride's vacuum blades count as raw Physical damage and not as normal or charged attacks for the purpose of 4 set Gladiators.
Abyss 7-1 with 3 gladiator pieces vs 4 gladiator pieces
3 pc Glad: 2001 DMG
4 pc Glad: 2026 DMG
Note: The glad goblet had a bit of DEF, so the video of 4 pc Glad had a bit more ATK than the bottom from Noelle C6 Q, resulting in 25 more vacuum blade damage.
Vacuum Blades can CRIT
Skyward Pride's vacuum blades can CRIT.
Significance: Calculations should account for the CRIT possibility of skyward pride's blades.
Skyward Atlas effect can CRIT
Finding: Skyward Atlas' weapon proc can CRIT.
Calculations should account for the CRIT possibility of weapon procs.
Specific Weapon Mechanics
A Thousand Floating Dreams
A Thousand Floating Dreams Can Have More Than 3 Stacks
A Thousand Floating Dreams can have more than 3 stacks as long as the stacks are not all of the same type. There is a maximum of 3 Elemental DMG Bonus stacks and 3 EM stacks. Trial characters count toward the passive, allowing players to have a total of 4 stacks.
Better understanding of how the weapon passive works.
Gaining a new seed will refresh the duration of previously gained seeds.
Flat Energy Confirmation
Aqua Simulacra Vertical Range Limit
Aqua Simulacra's passive, The Cleansing Form, seemingly has no vertical range limit.
To determine whether Aqua Simulacra's passive is in effect, the presence of the blue glow on the bow is checked.
Test 1: Testing whether an enemy above the bow user procs the passive. (The enemy is a whopperflower, which is also aggro'd in the end of the video)
Test 2: Testing whether an enemy below the bow user procs the passive.
As we can see, in both instances, blue glow is present in the bow, which means that the passive is active.
Overworld stuff, fluff, more understanding on Aqua Simulacra's passive.
Aquila Favonia Proc And Shield Interaction
There is some inconsistency with shielded sword characters and aquila favonia procs.
YouTube: Bennett with Diona's shield
YouTube: Xingqiu with Diona's shield
The videos show:
How Aquila does not proc when protected by a shield
How Aquila can proc while in Burst i-frames, without a shield
How Aquila can proc while in Burst i-frames, while protected by a shield
This interaction may affect other "triggers on taking DMG" + shield interactions. The only other ability I can think of that could be similarly affected would be Zhongli A2.
Aquila Healing is Affected by Healing Bonus
Aquila's healing effects are affected by incoming and outgoing healing bonuses.
No healing bonuses
HP restored: 291
Bennett with almost no artifacts.
HP restored: 379
379/291 = 1.302405498281787
Yields 30% from Hydro Resonance as expected.
Hydro Resonance + 2-Piece Maiden
HP restored: 422
422/291 = 1.4501718213058419
Yields 45% from Hydro Resonance + 2-Piece Maiden as expected.
Aquila's healing effects are affected by incoming and outgoing healing bonuses. Prototype Amber and The Black Sword are expected to be the same, but were not tested.
Ballad of the Boundless Blue
Ballad of the Boundless Blue stacks stay when off field
Ballad of the Boundless Blue stacks do not reset offield. There's also no visible effect on gaining stacks.
YouTube - Yanfei still does the max 3432 CRIT / 1467 non CRIT damage even after swapping to Layla and back.
Useful to keep in mind while crafting rotations.
Beacon of the Reed Sea
Beacon of the Reed Sea's passive does not trigger if shielded
Beacon of the Reed Sea's DMG passive will not trigger if shielded
Characters that equip Beacon will want a team with no shielder
Beacon of the Reed Sea's passive affects Beidou's C1 shield HP
Beacon of the Reed Sea's HP bonus does affect Beidou's C1 shield HP.
nice defensive utility for Beidou.
Cinnabar Passive Deactivation Bug
After hitting a shield (Abyss Mage, Mitachurl Shield, Kairagii Parry, etc) Cinnabar Passive will deactivate indefinitely until party swap/unequip and reequip the weapon.
This bug only happens with Albedo due to his specific Skill trigger requiring a hit to deal damage first. It'll require a non-melee hit to trigger, whether it be a projectile, AoE attack, or even burning grass.
There is, however, some slight inconsistency. The bug will not trigger 100% of the time, it may trigger even without a shield, and it may even reactivate.
Albedo + Zhongli: YouTube video
Solo Albedo: YouTube video
Solo Albedo: Reddit post
Burning + shield causing deactivation: YouTube video
This will hurt Albedo's damage until this is fixed. This bug is known and has been known to MHY for several months now.
Cinnabar Spindle's Passive Is Dynamic
Cinnabar Spindle's passive is dynamic, even for abilities that can snapshot.
In this video, Albedo's Elemental Skill snapshots Gorou's DEF buff and his Transient Blossoms are triggered twice, once when General's War Banner is active and once when it is inactive. The DMG calculations below show that Cinnabar Spindle uses Albedo's current DEF, i.e. its passive is dynamic.
General's War Banner active, 3611 DMG dealt: (2.405(1480.4 + 438.09) + 0.80(1480.4 + 438.09))(1 + 0.288)(0.50666)(0.9)
General's War Banner inactive, 3405 DMG dealt: (2.405(1480.4 + 438.09) + 0.80(1480.4))(1 + 0.288)(0.50666)(0.9)
Legend for values used: 2.405 = Transient Blossom Talent%, 0.80 = Cinnabar%, 1480.4 = Albedo's DEF, 438.09 = DEF Increase, 0.288 = DamageBonus, 0.50666 = EnemyDefMult, 0.9 = EnemyResMult.
Confirmation that Cinnabar Spindle's passive is dynamic, even for abilities that can snapshot.
Cloudforged Stacks Refresh
Gaining a stack of Cloudforged's passive refreshes both stacks.
Gained a stack at 0s, and a second stack at ~16s.
at 24s, both stacks are still active, meaning the second stack refreshed the first.
Cloudforged's passive can be utilized in short (=<18s) rotations even if the character does not have a way to drain energy outside of Burst.
Deathmatch Passive Snapshot
The ATK or ATK/Def bonus of the Deathmatch snapshots the last effect when the holder goes off-field. When swapping back on-field, the passive update is not immediate.
When first equipping the Deathmatch, it will have the ATK boost passive active. Going to a group of enemies and swapping in will activate the split ATK/DEFbonus for 2+ enemies. If you then swap her back off-field and teleport away, the stat screen will show the DEFbonus is still active.
Opening the menu as Yun Jin swaps on-field still displays the DEFbonus at first, so there seems to be some sort of tickrate for the passive. Going back to the group of enemies with Yun Jin off-field, the passive still has the effect for 0-1 enemies.
When you can run Yun Jin on deathmatch, the passive snapshot can sometimes maintain her buff stats even when enemies start to die or spawn.
4 ESF Interactions
4ESF DMG% bonus works with the ER% from Engulfing Lightning's effect but does not snapshot.
No snapshot evidence - In the video, Engulfing Lightning is being used. The ending hits of Xiangling's Burst are lower damage, indicating that the Burst DMG% from Engulfing Lightning's additional ER bonus on Burst cast has worn off.
Engulfing + 4ESF have better synergy.
Engulfing Lightning ER% buff and off-field Interaction
Engulfing Lightning's ER% buff stays on the character even after switching.
Shenhe has R1 EL equipped, as you can tell from the NAs. 201.1% ER before swapping, keeps the ER% buff (for 231.1% ER total) after swapping
In case people have questions of the buff not staying post-switch/off-field for some reason
Fading Twilight Does Not Snapshot
Fading Twilight doesn't snapshot
Excuse the scuffed clip but you can see my Fischl's CRITs doing 2008 first, then 2072, then 1944.
Can't keep the buff for the whole duration of a snapshottable Skill.
Hakushin Ring can buff the holder.
Hakushin Ring can buff it's holder.
Anemo Trigger - Electro Swirl YouTube
Electro trigger - Electro Swirl YouTube
Electro trigger - Electro-Charged YouTube
Electro trigger - Overload YouTube
Electro trigger - Superconduct YouTube
Geo trigger - Crystallize YouTube
Hydro trigger - Electro-Charged YouTube
Pyro trigger - Overloaded YouTube
Better documentation of Hakushin Ring mechanics.
Crystalize, Swirl and Swirl chain reactions work for the effect.
Swirl and chain reactions
Gaining a new buff does not refresh duration.
Hakushin Ring Doesn't Trigger Off Field
Hakushin Ring doesn't trigger off field.
Hakushin Ring Does Not Buff Hydro Party Members When Hyperbloom Is Triggered
Hakushin Ring does not buff Hydro party members when Hyperbloom is triggered.
Despite Hyperbloom occurring from Hydro + Dendro and then Electro on top, Hakushin only considers the core (Dendro) and Electro when buffing.
Hunters Passive Benefits From Percentage Based EM Buffs
Hunter's passive and Tighnari A4 benefit from percentage-based EM buffs.
In the first video (link: YouTube) and the second video (link: YouTube,) Tighnari hits twice with his Level 1 Aimed Shot and twice with his Elemental Burst, respectively, once before and once after Sucrose has triggered her A4. The attached calculations show that the passive of Hunter's Path and Tighnari A4 (both the CA DMG% and Burst DMG% part) benefit from Sucrose A4.
Confirmation that the bugfix introduced with the 3.1 update "Fixes an issue whereby effects gained based on a character's attribute were incorrectly increased" (link: genshin.hoyoverse.com) is actually true. Better knowledge of how percentage-based effects work.
Cursed Blade Reduction Mechanic
The cursed blade you use in the Kazuha story quest says the wielder deals 50% less DMG. This effect is additive with DMG bonus, and does not affect transformative damage.
Kazuha a1 deals 2079 DMG, and Swirl does 2020 DMG.
(A1 CRITs here or otherwise it is doomed)
Assuming kazuhas level does not approach infinity while the enemy level and/or DEF does, and assuming DEF Shred/reduction does not approach 100%, the DMG reduction on the quest's cursed blade matters less and less because the DEF formula would make non transformative or true damage approach 0 anyways. It will not impact transformative or true damage, which both bypass DEF, so the effect of the DMG reduction is negligible. In such a case Kazuha should probably use an em weapon, but at the very least the DMG reduction on the cursed blade will not be very detrimental in these scenarios.
Kagura Stack Refresh
Kagura's Verity's Stacks' Durations Refresh and act as one
Gaining a Stack of Kagura Dance refreshes the total duration to the full 16s.
In tandem, if the 16s runs out, all stacks deplete.
Additionally, Stacks of Kagura Dance are gained and start their 16s timer at the moment an Elemental Skill is used/inputted, to Skills with a Hold Variant, the passive is gained at the initial start-up of whatever the Hold Skill may be.
Press E, wait ~10s, Press E, wait ~9s, Press E, wait ~17s, Press E
Press E #1 was increased by 1 Stack of Kagura Dance
Press E #2 was increased by 2 Stacks of Kagura Dance
Press E #3 was increased by 3 Stack of Kagura Dance (despite being longer than the initial 16s)
Press E #4 was increased by 1 Stack of Kagura Dance (depleted, also the 16s timer runs out according to as if the buff gets applied upon input, which it does)
Calculated proof of the numbers shown in the clip.
Confirms that Kagura's Verity's Stacks are not independent and refresh each other.
Similarly, fully depleting the 16s timer of any amount of Stacks erases the Stack count.
Additionally, Stacks of Kagura Dance are gained upon input, this applies to both Press and Hold variants to Elemental Skills. In particular for Hold Variants, the 16s timer begins when the Hold Skill is first casted/channeled.
Kagura Stacks Dynamic
Kagura's Verity's Stacks' are Dynamic.
Stacks of Kagura Dance are dynamic and are not snapshottable, this also implies if an Elemental Skill were to gain a Stack of Kagura Dance, it is also affected by the gained Stack.
In addition, this applies to Hold Variants of Elemental Skills, whereby it is also affected by the Stack it were to gain since the Stacks are gained upon initial input.
Press E, wait ~8s, Press E, wait ~8s, Press E, wait 16s, Press E
Press E #1 was increased by 1 Stack of Kagura Dance (1 Stack, NOT 0)
Press E #2 was increased by 2 Stacks of Kagura Dance (2 Stacks, NOT 1)
Hold E #1 was increased by 3 Stack of Kagura Dance (3 Stacks, NOT 2)
The evidence above concludes that the Skill% buff is dynamic because Lisas Press Variant of her Elemental Skill snapshots.
Since the buff is yet still applied to Skills that produce it, it is conclusory that the weapon passive is, in fact, dynamic.
Calculated proof of the numbers shown in the clip.
Kagura's Verity's Skill% is dynamic and cannot be snapshotted. What this also implies is that Elemental Skills that were to produce a Stack of Kagura Dance would also get its buff applied to itself. Which further leads to the conclusion that every Elemental Skill used, if Kaguras Verity is equipped, will have at least 1 Stack of Kagura Dance applied.
The Skill% buff being dynamic also fits in line with other Skill% buffs which are also dynamic (Solar Pearl).
Klee and Kagura Stacks
This bug has been fixed in version 2.6, see this Vault Entry for more information.
Klee can get 2 stacks of Kagura's Verity from only 1 cast of her Jumpy Dumpty by inputting the Skill twice or more before it goes on cooldown (aka "double tap"), however with several caveats.
The first stack is gained approx. 34 frames into the cast, and the second stack is gained approx. 81 frames into the cast.
Klee cannot perform any other actions between these frames or the additional stack will not be granted. This includes dashing, jumping, using Burst, Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, and using her Skill again - all of which she can do before ~81 frames have passed from the first Skill. If Klee uses both charges of Jumpy Dumpty and she allows ~81 frames to pass for at least one of them, she will end up with 3 stacks of the weapon.
Frames: Notice how the Skill icon lights up twice before going on cooldown. There is also a visual and audio indicator when Kagura stacks are granted (a layer of the weapon glows and a bell chime plays). However the visual is extremely subtle. To the best of my knowledge, the cast animation is at 230 frames, the first stack is at ~264 frames, and the second stack is at ~311 frames.
Proof of stack gaining techniques (credit to).
First clip: cast E, no double tap, 1 stack is granted.
Second clip: cast E, with double tap, 2 stacks are granted, after ~81 frames.
Third clip: cast E, with double tap, 2 stacks are granted after ~81 frames. Use the second charge, and the 3rd stack is granted.
Fourth clip: cast E, with double tap, but do not wait 81 frames, only 1 stack is granted. Use the second charge with double tap, and wait ~81 frames, the last 2 stacks are finally granted.
Other inputs cancel the additional stack, such as:
Bursting (note the buff arrows are from C6 not the weapon)
Using Skill again (you get another stack immediately upon 2nd Skill usage, but it doesn't progress to 3)
Potentially affects the viability of this weapon for Klee. The caveat of waiting for ~81 frames has dubious impact on a real rotation since most Klee usage involves animation cancels. See this doc for stack counts on every part of a standard Klee rotation vs their delayed version.
Key of Khaj-Nisut
Key of Khaj-Nisut does not affect Kazuha's A4
Key of Khaj-Nisut + Kazuha A4 interaction
241 EM should provide 9.6% Electro DMG, not 4.6% Electro DMG, like in this case. (4.6% Electro DMG are provided by 115.2 basic Kazuha's EM from ascensions)
Elemental Mastery provided by Key of Khaj-Nisut (self-buff and party-buff both) is not used in abilities which use Elemental Mastery for providing other stats, like Kazuha A4.
Key of Khaj-Nisut Stacks Remains After Switching Out
Key of Khaj-Nisut stacks remain even after switching out, and they share their duration, meaning they expire at the same time when the timer of the last stack gained expires.
No real demerit to switching out the Key user once stacks have been gained.
Key user must periodically refresh stacks to maintain uptime of the buff, since the buff once maxed is either 100% up or 100% down, meaning all 3 stacks must be gained again.
Key of Khaj-Nisut Stacks Cannot be Gained while Off-Field
Key of Khaj-Nisut stacks cannot be gained when the user is off-field, and the duration of the stacks continues counting down even when the user is off-field
Key users must have some dedicated field time to refresh the stacks of the buff, affecting who may effectively proc the Key's passive, thus affecting rotations and rotation times.
Kitain Cross Spear
Kitain Spear Energy Drain Delay
Kitain Spear Energy drain do not happen immediately. There is about a 22-24 frame delay (can be longer depend on latency) from the moment your character Elemental Skill hit an enemy to when you character actually lose Energy.
Frame count: YouTube (Frame count started at 2:05)
Rosaria able to perform E->Q with Kitain Spear equipped.
Some characters actually do not need to change their rotation, because as long as you can cast your Burst within about 23 frames after the Elemental Skill hit an opponent, your character will still be able to use Elemental Burst to spend all your Energy before getting drained by the weapon passive.
Rosaria can hit enemy with her E to get her A1 CRIT Rate buff and still be able to cast Burst with Q afterward to share the CRIT before the Energy is drained.
Kitain Passive Will Proc Even if Carrier Has 0 Energy.
Also doesn't dip the unit's Energy into the negatives. Video
Katsuragikiri Nagamasa Energy Drain Delay
Katsuragikiri Nagamasa Energy drain do not happen immediately. There is about a 22-24 frame delay (can be longer depend on latency) from the moment your character Elemental Skill hit an enemy to when you character actually lose Energy.
Frame count: YouTube (Frame count started at 2:05)
Beidou using dash cancel to perform E -> Q with Nagamasa equipped. Still able to funnel Energy.
Some characters actually do not need to change their rotation, because as long as you can cast your Burst within about 23 frames after the Elemental Skill hit an opponent, your character will still be able to use Elemental Burst to spend all your Energy before getting drained by the weapon passive.
Beidou can still do E into Q to funnel Energy, as long as you dash cancel the E and then Q immediately.
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
Lost Prayer Stack Mechanics
Lost Prayer does not reset upon leaving combat, ONLY upon switching to a different character or if the character falls.
Stacks will also continue to build outside of combat as long as the character remains on the field.
Switched to a character with Lost Prayer, observed 0% DMG Bonus. Went into combat with a single left click, left combat, observed stacks continuing to build up, observed a 4 stack DMG bonus that remained indefinitely (tested 5+ minutes afk) until I switched off.
Lost Prayer becomes... even better for a main dps while exploring? The fact that you can carry over stacks over multiple fights will help in open world scenarios.
Mailed Flowers passive can't be triggered or refreshed from off-field
Mailed Flowers passive (Bonus EM) can not be triggered or refreshed from off-field
At 0:08, 310 Swirl without passive, 318 Swirl with passive
At 0:42 consistent 310 Swirls
Passive works as expected.
Mailed Flower's passive does not buff the hit or reaction that triggers it
Mailed Flower's passive does not buff the hit or reaction that triggers it
Triggered with both Elemental Skill hit and reaction at the same time
First Swirl (unbuffed): 1488
Second Swirl (buffed): 1749
Confirmation of the description of the passive which states "Within 8s after the character's Elemental Skill hits an opponent or the character triggers an Elemental Reaction".
Memory of Dust
Analysis of whether Xingqiu E/Q counts as a shield for Memory of Dust and Bolide
For Bolide or Memory of Dust purposes, Xingqiu Q/E are not shields. Beidou C1 and Diona E are.
Potential implication for unforged? And you can't get a free shield for memory of dust in your Klee/Xingqiu team.
Mistsplitter Stacks Upon Burst Usage
Number of Mistsplitter stacks gained on Q is character-dependent, and for some characters it's inconsistent.
The usual number of stacks gained is as follows:
0 stacks: AMC
1 stack: Bennett, Electro MC (usually), Geo MC, Kaeya, Xingqiu (rain sword damage reduction)
2 stacks: Ayaka, Jean, Kazuha, Keqing (initial hit, usually), Qiqi
Non-snapshotted Bursts like Keqing's are important to document, as we must know whether the stacks apply on the initial hit.
Inconsistencies are as follows:
MC in general, but AMC in particular: does very weird things once swapping Elements; it may be possible to manipulate this into getting an extra stack on Q, but requires more testing (see here: YouTube)
Keqing: occasionally gains only 1 stack on the Q initial hit, even more rarely gains only 1 on the entire Burst
Xingqiu gets 1 stack on his DR swords. Casting Q resnaps DMG Bonus on swords first made by E. Casting E during Q does not resnapshot DMG%.
The Burst stack seems to obey the same rules as the 4NO effect, as the only character that usually only gains 0 Mistsplitter stacks also generally does not obtain self-4NO on their Burst (AMC), though this is very inconsistent, and may also be manipulated by changing Elements.
Infused plunge attacks do not gain a stack.
Standard infused plunge
Kazuha's Midare Ranzan
Mistsplitter NA Stack From CA
A Mistsplitter's Emblem stack that a character obtains when Normal Attack deals Elemental DMG can also be obtained when Charged Attack deals Elemental DMG as well.
Gaining NA stack using Ayaka's CA: YouTube
CA DMG with 0 stacks: 458 3
CA DMG with 1 stack: 491 3
Gaining NA stack using Keqing's CA: YouTube
CA DMG with 0 stacks: 641 + 718
CA DMG with 1 stack: 686 + 769
You can gain said stack in a case where Normal Attacks cannot reach any enemies, but Charged Attacks can such as using Ayaka's CA to hit enemies in Venti's vortex.
Oathsworn Passive Mechanics
Oathsworn Eye passive does not stack
Oathsworn Eye passive duration is refreshed every time the Elemental Skill is used
Oathsworn Eye passive increases the Hydro% from Mona's A4
Oathsworn Eye passive works from off-field
Stacking and duration refresh: YouTube video
Mona A4: Video 1 (Imgur), video 2 (YouTube)
Off-field: YouTube video
Accurate calculations and simulations with this weapon.
Polar Star ICD
(Debunked entry: Polar Star has ICD across independent stacks)
Polar Star has no ICD for gaining independent stacks.
YouTube - This was the evidence to prove that Polar Star won't acquire stacks if the NA and CAs are too close together resulting in a loss of 20% ATK which is 1 stack of Polar Star. However on closer inspection it can be observed at 0:02 [Imgur(https://imgur.com/a/uV8YYzZ)] that Childe did NOT receive the buff from Bennett's Noblesse Oblige, which is also exactly 20% ATK.
YouTube - In this video evidence, contrary to the above, Childe did receive the Noblesse Oblige buff, as seen at 0:05 [Imgur(https://imgur.com/a/qv0hgJg)].
In other words, in both video evidences Polar Star had acquired max stacks regardless of attack spacing.
Bring justice to Polar Star's name, in that it had no ICD all along.
Portable Power Saw
Portable Power Saw Mechanics
Roused effect does not trigger without Stoic's Symbols.
Eating food can add Stoic's Symbols.
There is little to no cooldown between accumulation of stacks.
YouTube - Steps in video:
Elemental Skill used without Stoic stacks
Food eaten to gain Stoic stacks
Elemental Skill used again within 15s (when Roused's cooldown should expire if in effect)
Stoic stacks consumed, Sayu's EM buffed
Roused was triggered on the second Skill press, consuming the Stoic's Symbols. If Roused had triggered on the first Skill press, cooldown would have been in effect and would have made it impossible to trigger on the second Skill press. Thus, Roused will not trigger if there are no stacks.
The only healing source was food, and stacks were acquired.
Two stacks were made after consuming one Sweet Madame, since Sweet Madame actually heals twice in the same instance. Thus, there seems to be little to no cooldown between accumulation of stacks.
Effective use of this weapon when crafting rotations.
Portable Power Saw Passive procs on overhealing
Portable Power Saw passive procs on overflow healing.
Don't need to take damage to make use of the weapon fully.
Primordial Jade-Winged Spear
PJWS On Hit Definition
PJWS passive can be stacked from Elemental Skill and Burst Skill hits on an enemy. The "on hit" portion of the passive does not refer to normal attack hits alone.
Triggering and maintaining PJWS stacks in real combat scenarios is a lot easier than initially assumed. Especially for certain units with a high hit rate Elemental Skill or Burst Skill like XL.
PJWS New Stacks Extend Duration
New gained stacks on PJWS will extend the duration of existing stacks, beyond the 6 seconds stipulated.
Significance: XBDIT can stack PJWS for her second pyronado.
Prototype Amber Healing Clarification
Prototype Amber's heal (4% rounded down) is based off the Max HP of the character being healed, not the max HP of the character equipped with the catalyst.
Sucrose equipped with R1 Prototype Amber - max HP 15082 (4% rounded down is 603 HP):
Tartaglia Max HP 21466, Healed 858
Beidou Max HP 20162, Healed 806
Bennett Max HP 16163 Healed 646
Stacking HP on a Prototype Amber wielder will not increase its healing.
Multiple Prototype Amber Heals Don't Stack
When proccing 2 Prototype Amber Passives, the 2nd one overrides the HP regeneration effect of the 1st one.
In this video, R3 Prototype Amber was equipped on Yae Miko, and R1 Prototype Amber was equipped on Lisa. Healing bonus stat, whether incoming or outgoing, was set to 0 for all 3 characters to not affect the results.
Diona's HP before any Prototype Amber Passive was triggered:
Suppose Prototype Amber HP regeneration stacked, we would expect a total heal of 3 5% + 3 4% = 27%.
Diona's HP after the HP regeneration from both Prototype Ambers:
From the evidence above: (5140 - 50) / 29942 = 16.9%
The total heal rounds up to only 17%. We can see in the video that PAmber heals totaled only 4 procs instead of 6 total, once after Yae's Burst and thrice after Lisa's Burst. This accounts for 1x5% Max HP regen from Yae and 3 4% Max HP regen from Lisa.
Thus the previous statement "Suppose Prototype Amber HP regeneration stacked, we would expect a total heal of 3 5% + 3 4% = 27%" is false. Prototype Amber HP regeneration does NOT stack, and instead activating a 2nd one overrides the regen effect of the 1st one.
It is not advisable to run Prototype Amber on 2 or more characters in each team, since the HP regeneration does not stack. If someone really wants to use multiple Prototype Ambers, it is better to space out the characters' Elemental Bursts once every 6s if they want to maximize healing.
Prototype Starglitter Stacks Duration Refresh
Gaining Prototype Starglitter stacks refreshes the duration of existing stacks
CA damage on non CRIT before any Skill uses is 181. First Skill use at 30s, CA damage after first Skill use with one stack on Prototype Starglitter is 196. Second Skill use at 37s, CA damage after first Skill use with two stacks is 210. CA damage is 210 again at 48s, after first stack would have expired if stacks were independent, and 181 again at 53s, after both stacks would have expired if gaining stacks refreshes the duration of existing stacks.
Affects stack uptime considerations for polearm users with Skill cooldowns less than 12s as it can potentially allow them to keep full uptime on two stacks of Prototype Starglitter's passive.
Rightful Reward mechanics
Rightful reward triggers on overhealing
Rightful reward passive can trigger and enter cooldown at full energy
Rust Damage Decrease
Rust DMG reduction on charge shots is additive and is in the same category as DMG% when calculated.
Using level 50 Amber on Lv87 Hilichurl, with +20 Physical goblet
Level 90 Prototype Crescent (No passive)
Level 90 Rust
Truncating decimals aside, the DMG number of "If additive" is the same as in-game numbers, hence the DMG reduction of Rust is additive and falls under DMG% in calculations. The same result is also seen in Slingshot.
The DMG reduction of Rust passive is pretty negligible.
Scion of the Blazing Sun
Scion of the Blazing Sun works in AoE
Scion of the Blazing Sun does work in AoE. The physical damage is AoE, and the effect is applied to all damaged enemies.
Rate of Loss of Serpent Spine Stacks
Losing Serpent Spine stacks has an ICD depending on the stack count.
5-4: 1.01-1.02s (after you lost your 5th stack you cant lose the 4th stack for the named duration)
Getting hit by multi hit attacks will still only remove one stack thus increasing your overall uptime on stacks. 1 and 2 stacks have a better protection than higher stacks due to an increased ICD.
Relevant examples in the overworld only: environmental damage
Relevant examples: Ruin guard missiles or the Cryo gun attack from the Cryo Fatui (YouTube)
Serpent Spine Damage Taken affects Shields
The damage taken increase from Serpent Spine's passive does affect the damage shields take.
Explanation: The crystalize shield is created by a level 50 character with 0 EM, thus creating a ~786 health shield which has 2.5x effectiveness against its own Element, meaning that it will block ~1965 Pyro damage. Both flower stamens are dealing the same damage, and give the same results, with Beidou equipped with SS (with 5 stacks) taking 1045 damage per tick, and with fav sword taking 908 damage per tick. Beidou with SS 5 stack's shield lasted for 2 ticks allowed Beidou to take 123 damage additional damage, while the shield with favonius greatsword equipped lasted for 3 ticks and allowed Beidou to take 759 additional damage.
Explanation of how shields interaction with negative damage reduction
Slingshot Passive Mechanics
Slingshot has a medium zone where neither buff nor debuff applies. Slingshot buff applies until roughly the same distance as it takes for Amos to move from 3 stack to 4 stack passive for charged shots.
Slingshot appears to dynamically track flight time. On release, arrows have a mixin which gives them a DMG% buff. After .3s, this mixin is removed, and then a mixin giving negative DMG% is added. This allows for the potential for some arrows to hit within a very narrow window where they have neither buff nor debuff.
Fully charged aimed shots
2247 is buff, 1263 is debuff, 1404 is medium zone
NAs, C1, and aimed shots
Damage numbers and frame counts: Imgur
Albedo E size reference for first video
Albedo E has radius 10m; medium zone is at about ~18m.
Amos 4th stack applies starting at ~18m according to previous TCL evidence.
Definitely just Yoimiya things.
Song of Stillness
Song of Stillness Mechanics
Song of Stillness buff is snapshottable.
The buff procs on overheals.
The buff does not appear on the stat screen.
https://youtu.be/ujQb7V7ipHA (#1 and #2)
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
Staff of the Scarlet Sands does not stack off-field
Stacks for Staff of the Scarlet Sands cannot be gained from off field but are retained while off-field.
Characters need more field time to get optimal use of the weapon. Characters that do not snapshot can still make use of stacks while off field.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands Stacks Snapshot
The Dream of the Scarlet Sands stacks (which increase ATK based on EM) from the Staff of the Scarlet Sands (SotSS) snapshot the character's current EM when obtaining each stack.
Pre-stacking SotSS will not give you the full value of the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect if EM buffs are obtained after the stacks.
Staff Of The Scarlet Sands Can Gain Multiple Stacks From One Attack
Staff of the Scarlet Sands can gain multiple stacks from one attack if it hits multiple enemies.
SoSS can stack faster in AoE situations.
Talking Stick mechanics
Beidou E in Bennett burst triggers both abilities.
Swapping into a character with Talking stick while Diona shield + Xinayn shield are both active triggers both abilities.
Suffering an elemental attack from the enemy while in Bennet field does not trigger the 2nd ability.
Suffering an elemental attack normally does trigger the ability.
Bells %Increased Damage Passive Works With Any Shield
The Bell's passive %Inc Damage works with any shield, and not just with the proc from the passive itself like the description suggests.
Testing: Attacked enemies
without any shield
with the Crystallize shield
and the shield from bell's passive
Although there's better claymores, this makes The Bell significantly better than the passive description lets on. Makes for an ok Noelle weapon if prototypes are being used on another character.
Tidal Shadow Counts Overheal
Tidal Shadow passive procs with overheal
don't need to get hit or furina to proc it
Tome of the Eternal Flow
Tome of the Eternal Flow doesn't gain stacks when off field
Tome of the Eternal Flow doesnt gain stacks when off field.
Useful to keep in mind when crafting rotations.
Luxurious Sea-Lord interactions
Fishmore aka Luxurious Sea Lord has a passive that summons a titanic tuna to deal damage once every 15 seconds when the character's Burst hits a target. Like other similar passives such as the ones in Prototype Archaic and Star Tombed Starsilver, it only procs when the wielder is on field.
CBeidou on field part 1: Imgur
Beidou on field part 2: Imgur
Beidou off field: Imgur
Eula A4 (by): Imgur
Eula off field (by): Imgur
Sayu on field (by): Imgur
Sayu off field (by): Imgur
AoE finding part 1: YouTube
AoE finding part 2: YouTube
The passive procs as intended similar to the other mentioned previously. However, ZyronX has confirmed that the passive has an AoE that can affect multiple targets with a single proc. It should be easier to do this if an Anemo cc such as venti Burst was used.
The Flutes AoE can CRIT
Finding: Yes, it can CRIT
The Alley Flash
Alley Flash's Disable Timer can be Reset by Damage
Finding: Taking damage while The Alley Flash's DMG% increase passive is disabled will reset the disable timer.
Bennett takes hit 1 at 124 frames (2.083 seconds)
Bennett takes hit 2 at 261 frames (4.35 seconds)
The Alley Flash's passive symbol fully materializes at 561 frames (9.35 seconds)
Significance: Every time you take damage with Alley Flash equipped, you reset the timer and thus extend the downtime of the passive.
Widsith Abyss Second Half Proc
The Widsths Passive activates upon entering the second half of an Abyss chamber with its holder being on the first slot.
Yae Miko holding The Widsith in slot 1 is buffed for less than 10 seconds, seemingly triggering during the transition screen when proceeding changing from first half to second half, eating into the buff uptime.
Changes Abyss team slotting and potentially optimal team rotation when using The Widsith.
Evenstar Buff Duration and CD Reset
Xiphos and Evenstar give their respective buffs 64 frames after being equipped, all timers are reset when removed or when entering/exiting domains (including challenge again, abyss try again), allowing the buff to re-apply 64 frames after re-equipping or entering/exiting domains regardless of the previous timer.
Buff is applied 64 frames after the weapon is equipped: YouTube
Open and check Sucrose's stats after 63 frames (1.05s) shows that the buff wasn't applied.
After 64 frames (1.067s) checking Sucrose stats shows that the buff was applied.
Buff timer resets when entering a domain: YouTube
Mostly fluff, just to confirm that the Tulaytullah Weapon Series (which Xiphos and Evenstar belong in) have 100% buff up-time regardless of the situation, except for the 1.067s delay at the start.
This info has no practical application other than to test buff timings.
Wolf-Fang passive does not stack off-field
Finding: Wolf-fang crit rate does not stack off-field
Xingqiu's burst misses multiple crits throughout the video which shouldn't be possible at 93% crit rate unless wolf-fang is not stacking off-field https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukdNFcvBnI4
Wolf's Gravestone Procs Don't Stack
WGS procs do not stack and the most recent proc overwrites the existing proc, even if it has duration left over
Multiple WGS can kinda suck if they're not equal refine
Wolf's Gravestone Passive Does Not Affect the Attack That Procs It
The hit that procs Wolf's Gravestone's passive does not get the buff bonus applied to itself. Only subsequent hits are affected by the buff.
Beidou's N1 is shown to CRIT prior to the buff for 1859. On the hit that procs WGS' buff, she also deals 1859 damage. One final hit is done in the clip to confirm the buff is active for subsequent hits. YouTube
Setup your WGS buff before a big nuke or you lose out on potential damage.
Xiphos and Raiden A4 Interactions
Xiphos does not affect both parts of Raiden's Ascension 4 passive and does not affect Emblem's Burst DMG% Bonus, which is based on Energy Recharge%.
With Xiphos, Raiden has 196.7% ER, without it Raiden has 188.3% ER. Both videos have Raiden's Electro bonus at 35.3% and Keqing's Burst is filled to exactly the same point, meaning Raiden's Ascension 4 Passive isn't affected by Xiphos ER bonus.
The final hit of Raiden's 5-hit string is 2240 in both videos, meaning Emblem's Burst DMG% Bonus isn't affected by Xiphos ER bonus.
Xiphos Buff Duration and CD Reset
Xiphos and Evenstar gives buff 64 frames after equipped, all timers are reset when removed or when enter/exit domains (including challenge again, abyss try again), allowing the buff to reapply 64 frames after re-equipping or enter/exit domains regardless of the previous timer.
Open and check Kazuha's stats after 56 frames (0.933s) shows that the buff wasn't applied.
However on 3rd attempt after 64 frames (1.067s) checking Kazuha stats shows that the buff was applied.
Using Noblesse as control test, enter/exit domain removes all effects but doesn't reset Burst and Skill cooldown. However, Xiphos timer reset after removed so it reapplies almost instantly.
Mostly fluff, just to confirm that the Tulaytullah Weapon Series that Xiphos and Evenstar belongs in have 100% buff up-time regardless of the situations, except for the 1.067s delay at the start.
This info has no practical application other than to test buff timings.
Xiphos Buff Snapshotting
Xiphos buff snapshots once every 10s.
9.667s after Xiphos buff first starts, the buff doesn't update to match the new EM value, meaning Xiphos buff is not dynamic, but is snapshots instead.
Elegy buff starts 530f (8.833s) after Xiphos buff is first applied, lasts for 746f (12.667s), and ends 612f (11.5s) after Xiphos snapshots Elegy bonus. Which means Xiphos can snapshot Elegy twice if it has a 10s snapshot interval.
The Xiphos buff, that snapshot Elegy's 12.667s EM buff, lasts for at least 18.733s, but no more than 1124f+120f=1244f=20.733s. Which matches the expected time frame of the 10s snapshot interval.
Confirms that the Tulaytullah Weapon Series buff re-snapshots every 10s.
On paper it sounds good, but it's unreliable to snapshot any buff that lasts less than 10s, because there is absolutely no indication whatsoever of when the buff re-snapshots.
Event Weapons Cannot be Foddered
Event weapons, locked or not, will not appear in the enhance menu of other weapons.
Luxurious Sea Lord
Prevents accidental foddering of once in a lifetime event weapons.
Weapon Stats for Inactive Characters
Finding: Certain weapon passives do not apply their effect on character stat pages for out-of-party characters. This only applies to weapons that either: 1) have a conditional stat buff or 2) provide one stat in relation to another.
Deathmatch (conditional ATK%)
Harbinger of Dawn (conditional CRIT Rate)
Lithic Series: Spear & Blade (conditional ATK% and CRIT %)
Sword of Descension (conditional ATK)
Engulfing Lightning (ER to ATK %)
Jade Cutter (HP to ATK)
Staff of Homa (HP to ATK)
Significance: Characters using these weapons must be in your active party when their stats are viewed to get active numbers.
Attack Speed Buffs on Claymores
Attack Speed buffs do not dynamically affect Claymore Charged Attacks
Side by side comparisons of a C0 vs C1 Xinyan
Triggered during spin
Triggered before spin
If an Attack Speed buff is active, such as Beidou's A4 after max parry, the charged attack will gain the speed increase for its entire length even if it wears off during the attack. Additionally, as the only character that can currently dynamically receive a speed buff mid-Charged Attack is Xinyan with C1, this means she MUST trigger the buff before-hand, as it will have no effect if triggered during the spin itself.
Charged Attack Speed Buff Update
Charged Attack speed buffs do not dynamically increase claymore Charged Attack speed, but dynamically decrease Charged Attack speed if duration ends during the attack.
Better understanding of Charged Attack speed buffs (with the exception of Itto).
Catalyst Effective Attack Comparisons
Catalyst effective attack comparisons - see spreadsheet below.
Effective attack was calculated with a simple piecewise function that takes into account CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, attack, and damage % (Elemental damage). Passives that cannot be quantified due to how they can differ in effectiveness with different playstyles are NOT included in the effective attack calculation.
The spreadsheet has three main columns - for low, medium, and high stats. Each one simulates the every possible substat combination with a total of 10, 20, or 30 offensive lines (maximum possible rolls is 38, but nobody will ever get such lines - right?). Royal weapon CRIT Rate is simulated on each possible combination of stats. The base stats used were that of a level 90 Klee using 2 piece Gladiator and 2 piece Witch set.
Memory of dust can actually be strong, even without a shield doubling its effect. Widsith is around ~20% weaker than 5 catalysts in general outside its Burst window, and ~10% stronger during the Burst window at R1 and ~30% stronger at R5.
Refinement costs scales with the refinement rank of the current weapon
Refining a Rank 1 Weapon with a Rank 2 Weapon costs 1k mora
Refining a Rank 2 Weapon with a Rank 1 Weapon costs 2k mora
Both result in Refinement Rank 3
If refining a weapon from R1 to R5, it's cheaper to constantly use the R1 weapon to refine. Also, if you're refining your levelled weapon multiple times, make the other refines first (EX: For an R3 weapon, combine others to R2 before refining with the R3)
Weapon Stacks On Hit
Weapon passives with the description "on hit" or "scoring hits on opponents" can trigger on Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst.
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
Memory of Dust
The evidence for Summit Shaper is missing, but it should behave the same way as the other weapons in the same series.
Documentation of how the ambiguous description of such weapon passives work.
Lost Prayer and Serpent Spine Stacks
Unpausing the game after equipping a character with Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds (LP) or Serpent Spine (SS) starts a timer. This timer starts ticking and continues ticking whether the character equipping LP or SS is on the field or not, and every 4 seconds, it checks if that character is on the field. If they are, the game gives them a stack of their weapon's passive.
Pauses while your inventory, wish screen or characters screen are open (during single player)
Resets to 0 when you enter any domain, or Spiral Abyss chamber
Runs as normal when you reach 4 stacks of LP or SS, but will no longer grant stacks
(For SS only) Resets to 0 when you lose (or would lose, if already at zero stacks) a stack of SS
Timer starts when you unpause, even if the character with LP or SS is currently not on the field: YouTube
NOTE: I could not test the exact times on this, but the timer still resets when you take damage, I just don't know how often the timer can reset itself if you take multiple instances of damage in a short amount of time
With this knowledge, Claymore and Catalyst users no longer need to stay on field for 4 or more seconds to gain their stacks of SS and their first stack of LP respectively.
With proper rotation timing your favourite Catalyst users can always start their DPS windows with one stack of LP right away, adding 8-16 ElementalDMG% depending on LP refinements.
After taking damage, your Serpent Spine users can easily regain their lost stack by being on the field exactly 4 seconds after they took damage and lost their stack.
For casual play, this means the first LP stack is gained, on average, after 2 seconds of being on the field, and not 4.
Weapon Stacking And Ping
Weapons that gain stacks on hit are affected by ping. You will only gain stacks when the hit registers on the server, and the server will process hits at the same time, without caring about when the client actually made the hits.
Freedom-Sworn, which gains its buffs from reactions happen, has normal behaviour.
Polar Star behaves differently as it has individual stacks for each type, and will gain all the stacks at the same time when the hit is registered.
Only one stack was gained despite the trigger condition being met multiple times.
FS (Not affected by ping.)
It gained stacks as normal.
It gained all the stacks once connection to the server was restored, meaning that while gaining stacks is affected by ping, the number of stacks gained is not.
This isn't an issue for anyone with a stable connection, if someone's connection to the servers are rather spotty, this can cause them to lose stacks they would otherwise have.
Freedom-Sworn doesn't change behaviour.
Widsith and TTDS Work Off-Field
The buff from the Passive of The Widsith and Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers remain active even after the character swaps out after obtaining the buff.
Video: The ATK% buff that the Widsith gave Yae Miko remained after swapping.
Video: The ATK% buff that TTDS gave Kazuha remained after swapping.
With this knowledge, characters are free to swap out and still retain Widsith/TTDS buff from off field, which can affect a lot of rotations.
Weapons and Heals
Healing passive from weapons are affected by Healing Bonus and Incoming Healing Bonus of the character who wields them.
Weapons tested: Traveler's Handy Sword, White Iron Greatsword, Recurve Bow, Otherworldly Story.
Each weapon was tested without any bonus, with 35.9% Healing Bonus (+20 Healing Bonus Circlet), and with 35.9% Healing Bonus + 30% Incoming Healing Bonus (+20 Healing Bonus Circlet + Hydro Resonance).
Confirmation of how healing passive works on weapons.
Weapon Stacks and Zero Damage Attacks
Some character abilities contain zero-damage attacks which can grant stacks for weapons such as Primordial Jade Winged-Spear, Summit Shaper, The Unforged, Vortex Vanquisher and Memory of Dust. They can also trigger Wolf's Gravestone's passive.
These attacks cannot trigger Fillet Blade's passive even though its description says "On hit" like Wolf's Gravestone's passive.
Fillet Blade passive
Characters can benefit from the stack granted by a zero-damage attack.
Raiden can gain a stack before her Burst deals damage. This is because of the zero-damage attack that happens towards the start of her Burst animation.
Hu Tao can gain a stack by simply activating her E next to an enemy.
Head. This weakspot is temporarily lost while charging (armored up).
All whopperflowers have +40% (75% total) resistance to their own Element.
All resistances lose -25% while stunned.
These plants lurk under the surface and ambush unsuspecting prey. With the passage of years, sufficient nutrition, and the right environment, it could even take root somewhere and grow into a giant Cryo Regisvine...
Sinks into the ground and emerges nearby.
With a player in melee range of the Whopperflower, it may do a short animation spinning its leaves and doing an AoE capable of hitting a maximum of three times.
If a player is not in melee range, the Whopperflower will instead shoot out spikes from the ground that goes to the target.
The Whopperflower will close its leaves, consuming one of the "crystals" orbiting around it. When a "crystal" is finished, it will create a Cryo armor.
The armor can be broken to prevent its attack and stun it for ~15 seconds. If the armor is not broken for ~10 seconds, it will finish charging up its attack.
It will bend over, point its top at the player, start spinning like a Gatling gun and shoot out a rapid volley of Cryo projectiles for a long period of time.
Once all three "crystals" are consumed, the Whopperflower will plunge into the ground and restore all three, creating a visual AoE but will not do any DMG.
The world of Teyvat plays host to plants infused with the elements. Having gained a measure of intellect, their "nutritional needs" have also greatly increased...
Sinks into the ground and emerges nearby.
With a player in melee range of the Whopperflower, it may do a short animation spinning its leaves and doing an AoE capable of hitting a maximum of three times.
If a player is not in melee range, the Whopperflower will instead shoot out ranged homing attacks.
The Whopperflower will close its leaves, consuming one of the "crystals" orbiting around it. When a "crystal" is finished, it will create a Pyro armor.
The armor can be broken to prevent its attack and stun it for ~15 seconds. If the armor is not broken for ~10 seconds, it will finish charging up its attack.
It will start launching a volley of fireballs in rapid succession at the player, each with a small AoE.
Once all three "crystals" are consumed, the Whopperflower will plunge into the ground and restore all three, creating a visual AoE. This will not do any damage.
When full of Electro Energy, they can unleash a strong electric current from their crowns. As such, some researchers have tried to apply them in other areas...
Sinks into the ground and emerges nearby.
With a player in melee range of the Whopperflower, it may do a short animation spinning its leaves and doing an AoE capable of hitting a maximum of three times.
The Whopperflower lobs out 3 Electro Orbs next to it that stay on the ground for a few seconds.
The Whopperflower will close its leaves, consuming one of the "crystals" orbiting around it. When a "crystal" is finished, it will create an Electro armor.
The armor can be broken to prevent its attack and stun it for ~15 seconds. If the armor is not broken for ~10 seconds, it will finish charging up its attack.
It will bend over, point its top at the player, and charge up a laser blast, sending out a line of electricity on the ground in front of where the laser hit.
Once all three "crystals" are consumed, the Whopperflower will plunge into the ground and restore all three, creating a visual AoE. This will not do any damage.
Whopperflowers will sometimes be found disguised as other flowers around the world.
The dormant whopperflower will not attack on its own, but if the player picks up the fake flower it will awaken and begin combat.
Those fake flowers can be spotted easily as they:
Have no shining sparkle effect to them.
Do not appear white under the Elemental vision effect.
Once in range to pick up, their icon left from the name text will be replaced with a chatting bubble.
Ball Of Teyvat
By holding aim mode of the gadget Wind-Blessed Harpastum for a brief moment then releasing it before character actually enters aim mode, Harpastum will be fired horizontally similar to how ARCC works, but for some characters Harpastum will be fired directly where the camera aims at.
When briefly holding aim mode and then quickly releasing it before your character enters aim mode, the Harpastum will be fired horizontally similar to how ARCC works. For some other characters, the Harpastum will be fired where the camera is aimed at.
A muscular hilichurl who has been forged in countless fights..
Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl
They know how to use Dendro Slimes to create tough shields which they wield in combat. With their powerful muscles, glossy fur, and sturdy, reliable silhouettes, they help the hilichurls withstand the pitiless assaults of adventurers, and they hold a rather exalted rank amongst the tribes.
Uses a large Dendro hand shield. The shield can be destroyed using Pyro attacks, or dealing enough damage to it.
Charges in a set direction until colliding with the player or a solid structure.
Blocks attacks in the way of its shields. Attacks from the side and back can still go through. If the shield is destroyed, it will be unable to perform this attack.
If the player character strays too close, it can deliver a punch.
If the player can't be reached by other attacks, digs in the ground for a Dendro slime to throw at the player.
Frame data - Google Docs - @caramielle. (Videos in sheet)
ICD, gauges - Video - @soulfish
All attacks are 1U, CA no ICD, NA standard ICD, Burst applies 2 instances (standard ICD)
Wriothesley's CAs are blunt - Video - @itslin
You can dragonstrike off Wriothesley's N3 - Video - @tartigglez
At higher attack speed levels, using E after N1 will reset the NA sequence if you time it a certain way, pretty reliably without macros. - Video Video 2, slower execution
Wriothesley's enhanced NAs and CA can generate particles and heal by hitting gadgets - Video - @f99shi
The Chilling Penalty state from Skill does not generate particles if you go below 50% HP - Video - @shampoobrain
Wriothesley's CAs can still generate particles even below 50% HP - Video - @tfr
Particle generation cooldown is 1 every 2 seconds - Video - @soulfish
Duke of the Fortress of Meropide, Lord Incognito of the murky depths.
Wriothesley Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Wriothesley CAs are blunt
The particle generation is triggered only on Normal Attacks, and the cooldown is shared with that of enhanced Charged Attacks.
The particle generation can be triggered on gadgets and other non-enemy objects.
Normal Attacks under 50% HP do not generate particles.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Guoba CDR Interaction
4TF Xiangling and C2 Chongyun can result in 2 Guobas being deployed at the same time.
Credit to for suggesting the idea.
It's possible to get 100%+ Guoba uptime on Xiangling using 4TF. This also shows that there is nothing in the game preventing multiple Guobas from being summoned. This is unlikely to ever be optimal, but that wasn't the point of testing this.
Guoba Self Applies Pyro
In line with previous evidence that was non-conclusive, it appears that Guoba actually does apply Pyro to himself whenever he attacks. If you time an AoE Anemo ability with his flame attack, it will cause a Pyro Swirl off of Guoba.
More information about how Guoba mechanics work, and a more precise explanation of why Guoba can cause Pyro Absorption in Anemo Bursts.
Guoba No Particles On Kill
Finding: Guoba does not generate a particle if the hit kills an enemy
This also happens if he hits multiple enemies and one of them dies, evidence:
Significance: Guoba is a fraud
Xiangling Burst Movement Interaction
The hitbox of Xiangling's ultimate can hit more than once per rotation by manipulating self and enemy positioning.
12 ult hits when standing still against Ruin Guard (no hitbox extensions)
15+ ult hits when enemy extends their hitboxes and some small movement
15+ ult hits when using charged attacks to displace ult
Dashing through with ultimate changes clockwise rotation to anti-clockwise on some hits (first hit notably in below video)
It is possible to significantly boost the total damage of Xiangling's ultimate (>25%) by moving in specific patterns and utilizing enemy hitboxes to get more hits in per ult.
Pyronado Proc Frames and Interactions
Xiangling Pyronado has an enemy specific lock that lasts about 36f or 0.6s or 180 degrees. It is observed to constantly deal damage in 36f intervals which correspond to half a rotation.
Xiangling Pyronado procs standing next to Cryo Regisvine
Xiangling Pyronado procs standing inside Cryo Regisvine
Xiangling Pyronado procs standing next to Azhadha
Xiangling pyronado procs standing next to Andrius
Xiangling pyronado procs surrounded by Ruin Grader
Google Sheet containing all the frame counts mentioned.
These data sheds light onto Pyronado mechanics and how to maximize their Burst damage. It also explains how moving around an enemy in the opposite direction of the rotation can increase damage of both bursts. However, you should not move too fast or else the enemy hit box loses contact with your Burst before the lock expires.
C1: Crispy Outside, Tender Inside
Xiangling C1 Procs Via Burgeon and Overload
Xiangling's first Constellation, Crispy Outside, Tender Inside, can affect enemies without Guoba hitting them directly, as long as they are hit by certain transformative reactions triggered by Guoba.
Yanfei NA DMG on Ruin Guard : Video (Burgeon)
292 (Non-Crit with Xiangling C1)
Yanfei NA DMG on Pyro Fungi : Video (Overload)
266 (Non-Crit with Xiangling C1)
Debuff goes through even if target doesn't take damage: Video
Knowing more about properties radiating via transformative reactions, some niche uses in Overload teams where the Pyro shred can matter.
C2: Oil Meets Fire
Xiangling C2 damage
Xianglings C2 damage instance has no ability type scaling tags.
Testing done by
Damage is consistent with and without 4HoD bonus - Video
Damage is consistent with and without 2gambler bonus - Video
Damage is consistent with and without 2NO bonus - Video
Damage calculations for Xiangling.
Xiangling C2 does not snapshot
Xianglings C2 does not snapshot.
C6: Condensed Pyro
XL Pyronado Does Not Benefit From Her C6
Pyronado does not benefit from XL C6.
The 3rd hit of the initial swings & Guoba, however, does benefit from her C6.
Using iwintolose's damage calculator, Pyronado ticks were expected to do 248 damage to a level 85 Ruin Guard after C6 buffs are applied (unbuffed Pyronado ticks are at 228).
Imgur (some rounding errors, but should be close enough)
Looking at in-game numbers however, we see that Pyronado ticks deal the same amount of damage even after C6 buffs are applied.
Guoba > Pyronado
Guoba Swirl Anemo Gauge
The Anemo application on ally gadgets from Faruzan's E and Sucrose's E are 2U.
Aura duration: Imgur
on Yuegui: Hilichurl 2U arrow applies 1.6U aura with 12s duration, after Guoba swirl it lasted for 4:47
on Baron Bunny: after sitting in water for >1.5s, baron bunny has 2u hydro aura with 8s duration, after getting pushed out of water+guoba swirl it lasted for ~4s
in both cases the aura GU was reduced by ~1U meaning the Guoba swirl Anemo gauge is ~2U
Swirl gauge: Imgur
using 2U anemo to proc swirl on a ~1.6U aura results in a 3.45U swirl attack, which should result in a 15.625 duration aura.
resulting aura in the clip lasted 15:43, in line with expectation
Swirl gauge; understanding of spaghetti code?
Pyronado Only Applies 1U To Cryo Regisvine Shield
Xiangling's pyronado applies only 1U to Cryo Regisvine's shield over it's duration.
Don't rely on pyronado alone to destroy Cryo Regisvine's shield
Hutao and Xiangling Vape
With both Hu Tao and Xiangling in the same team utilizing Xingqiu to reverse Vaporize their attacks, Xiangling will trigger reverse Vaporize on 60% of her pyronado hits, while Hu Tao will trigger reverse Vaporize on 23.5% of her N1 attacks, 49% of her charged attacks, and 59% of her Blood Blossom Hits.
Google Sheets (By Isu)
Google Sheets (By yuna)
Can be used to calculate Hu Tao/Xiangling dual Pyro teams and their efficacy compared to other teams.
Guoba Snapshots CW Stack
Guoba snapshots the CW stack on cast.
Pyronado Reverse Direction Mechanic
It has been found that if you use Xiangling's Q and then use certain characters' attacks when the Pyronado is in a specific position, it can begin rotating the opposite way. The attack has to be used when the Pyronado is somewhere in the direction in which they "dodge" or "shift".
The Pyronado follows a Quadrant Rule where the active character must use their attack when the Pyronado is in the 1st or 4th quadrant, depending on the direction the active character shifts in when performing an attack. For example, Kujou Sara must cast her Elemental Skill when the Pyronado is in the 4th Quadrant, since she dodges backwards.
This usually works against large or Geo mobs such as Geovishaps, Geovishap Hatchlings, Geo Lawachurls, Ruin Graders, etc.
Some characters such as Sara, Rosaria, and Keqing can perform their Elemental Skills in air and make the Pyronado switch directions.
Keqing is the only character who can make this happen within her Normal Attack string (N5), but she must hit an enemy.
Polearm characters such as Hu Tao, Xiangling, and Thoma can also make this direction change happen with their Charged Attack, but you also must hit a heavy or Geo enemy.
Changing direction without hitting any enemy:
Sara Skill - Pyronado must be in 4th quadrant
Rosaria Skill - Pyronado must be in 1st quadrant
Keqing Skill Teleport - Pyronado must be in 1st quadrant
Polearm CAs, such as Xiangling CA, cannot change Pyronado direction while hitting air: Imgur
Changing direction while hitting enemies:
Hu Tao CA vs Lawachurl
Hu Tao CA vs Geovishap Hatchling
Xiangling CA vs Geovishap
Raiden N1 vs Ruin Grader
Keqing N5 vs Geovishap
Allows us to better understand how and/or when Xiangling's Pyronado rotates the opposite direction than when it was cast. This change in direction rarely triggers in realistic circumstances and will very slightly increase damage with the extra swing".
A renowned chef from Liyue. She's extremely passionate about cooking and excels at making her signature hot and spicy dishes.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Multiple Guobas can exist on-field at a time if Xiangling has enough Cooldown Reduction
Guoba self-applies a Pyro aura when he attacks. This aura can be Swirled.
Upon casting, Guoba can snapshot and benefit from 1 stack of the Crimson Witch of Flames 4-Piece Bonus.
If Guoba's hit kills an enemy, it does not drop particles regardless of if another enemy was hit or not.
Moving in the opposite direction of Pyronado's spin will increase the number of hits.
Pyronado has a ~36 frame lockout before it can deal damage to the same enemy again.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This effect can also be triggered if Guoba triggers Overload or Burgeon on the enemy, even if the target doesn't take damage.
The effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
C2 DMG instance has no ability type scaling tags.
C2 DMG also does not snapshot.
Pyronado itself does not benefit from C6, but the third hit of her initial swings can receive the 15% Pyro DMG Bonus.
Full Talent Values
One of the Mighty and Illuminated Adepti of Jueyun, known as "Cloud Retainer." Expert in all kinds of mechanical contraptions, her heart now turns towards the affairs of the mortal world, through which she walks under the name "Xianyun."
Xianyun Mains Discord
Full Xianyun Written Guide
Xianyun Quick Guide
# Minute Video Guide to Xianyun
take frames (with hitlag -> na column) and mv/s from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l5DOZ6RgYYMIxMtJtd7oQNL9WWVNXcQL0nwan7q7QGc/edit?usp=sharing
take poise damage (rounded to 2 decimal points) and impulse type from https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/InterruptionResistance/Data or the character's wiki page
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
N1JCP Low/High Plunge Threshold
The difference between initiating a low plunge from the jet combo (N1CJP) is literally 1 frame of input. At 8 frames between your jump and your plunge input, you do a low plunge, but if you wait 9 frames, you will do a high plunge.
Xiao's vertical displacement is super quick. If you want to do the jet combo, you need to get to the point where you get a high plunge, so the video is a good reference to know when you fail/do it correctly. It is also better to be late and high plunge than it is to be early and low plunge.
Xiao E Plunge
Xiao's Skill can allow him to plunge, even below jump level.
Plungy Boi :)
Xiao Keeps His Mask
Xiao can keep his mask in the overworld for an indefinite amount of time through the use of Burst cancels.
The mask can be removed if:
Xiao uses his Burst and lets it expire naturally
Xiao is swapped out from the party via party changer
Xiao enters a domain
Xiao enters an instanced location (like restaurants)
Obtaining the mask
Removing the mask
Allows Xiao to keep his mask. Good for picture-taking events and other aesthetic purposes.
Ventis Ult and Plunges
Xiaos plunge does not hit enemies within Ventis ult. When it does its when the enemies hit the floor.
Players should try to time Xiaos ult to when an enemy hits the floor so the enemy may receive DMG from it. Random plunge ATKs most likely will NOT hit the enemies. Also players can save their primogems if they were planning to roll for Venti for plans of CC for Xiao. If you are running both Venti and Xiao then alternate ults as you go. When Xiao's Q is up then Venti's isn't and vice versa.
A yaksha adeptus who defends Liyue. Also heralded as the "Conqueror of Demons" and "Vigilant Yaksha."
Xiao Mains Discord
Full Xiao Written Guide: Adeptal Guide to Conquering Xiao
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Xiao's Charged Attacks share an ICD on Anemo application with his Normal Attacks when under the effects of Bane of All Evil.
All of the stated Talent DMG% doesn't include the Normal Attack Modifier from Q.
Lemniscatic Wind Cycling can allow Xiao to Plunge, even below jump level.
Xiao's attacks will be infused with 1GU Anemo.
While the effects of Elemental Burst: Bane of All Evil are active, the Elemental Particle generation of Elemental Skill: Lemniscatic Wind Cycling is disabled.
Xiao can keep his mask on if his Burst is canceled.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Xingqiu E Double Vaporize
How to Vaporize both of Xingqius E slashes with either Guoba or Amber
There are 2 methods of doing it. You can use Xianglings E and time it on Guobas attack. The easier method is by using Ambers ult, you only need to cast E to do it.
For one-shot (or two-shot) compilations, although Im not sure if this team comp is better since you will lose Barbaras E buff.
Xingqiu Rain Sword DMG Reduction is a conferrable attribute
Xingqiu Rain Sword DMG reduction does not take the Hydro DMG bonus gained from Kazuha's A4 into account. Because it's an attribute sharing effect which scale based on a character's own attributes, therefore would not factor in to calculations of further similarly scaling attribute sharing effects.
Rain Swords Unbuffed
Rain Swords Buffed by Kazuha A4
A team consists of Kazuha and Xingqiu may have marginally less survivability than they would, because damage reduction did not count as a conferrable attribute.
XQ rain sword Shattering cooldown
The shattering of Xingqiu's rain swords on his Elemental Skill has a cooldown of 1.5 seconds before another rain sword can be shattered.
The 4 swords cannot shatter simultaneously, so you can have a very small window of safety after one sword is shattered.
Xingqius Rain Sword Damage Reduction does Snapshot
Xingqiu's Rain Swords Do Snapshot
Tested with C2 Barbara and compared the received damage with and without the Hydro buff.
While Xingqiu's Burst Hydro Swords are dynamic, the damage reduction from the Rain Swords is snapshot (both E and Q).
Verified. Also, a similar instance occurs when using Streaming Essential Oil (25% Hydro DMG% increase potion), so we know it's not limited to just Barbara.
Xingqiu Damage Reduction is Affected By Omni DMG Bonus
Xingqiu's damage reduction is affected by omni-damage bonus effects such as the one from Mistsplitter's passive.
MSR 0 stacks
MSR 2 stacks
For the "DR in theory" values, it was 26% + .2 (81.6% + x), with x being 12% and (12 + 16)% being added for MSR0 and MSR2 respectively, otherwise 0
For the "DR in practice" values, it was 1-(largest number)/(No E's largest number)
Note: there are 3 damage numbers because I finished gathering clips vs a lawachurl before someone suggested using an Electro crystal
TL7, 81.6% Damage bonus w/o weapon
No E: 771, 1543, 3086 (0% DR)
Sac : 445, 890, 1780 (42.32% DR in theory, 42.320% DR in practice)
MSR0: 426, 853, 1706 (44.72% DR in theory, 44.718% DR in practice)
MSR2: 414, 828, 1656 (47.92% DR in theory, 46.338% DR in practice)
Better understanding of Xingqiu's Damage Reduction and how it interacts with different sources of Elemental DMG Bonus.
[Deprecated] Xingqiu E Dash Cancel Animation
XQ E dash cancel is faster than ult cancelling.
38 frames to dash cancel, 71 frames to ult cancel, 92 frames without a cancel to swap.
Dash to swap is faster since it takes longer without a cancel to swap.
Xingqiu actual Rain Sword ICD
Xingqiu Orbital ICD is 2.25 Seconds
Imgur: Swirl goes off at 00:56, 03:11, and 05:27
Better knowledge for teambuilding and rotations.
Rain Swords Don't Reduce Burgeon DMG
Xingqiu's Rain Swords don't reduce the Burgeon DMG dealt to the player.
Further understanding of how the damage reduction from Rain Swords works.
What Triggers Xq Rainsword Healing
What triggers (or doesn't trigger) Xingqiu's rainsword healing
Things that CAN trigger rainsword healing:
Being hit during Burst invulnerability: YouTube
Being hit while shielded: YouTube
Being Shattered while shielded: YouTube
Being hit while shielded and frozen (without Shattering): YouTube
Unfreezing (manually, or by automatic expiration): YouTube / YouTube
Bloom self DMG: YouTube
Burgeon self DMG: YouTube
Burning self DMG: YouTube
Burning grass: YouTube
Electrified water: YouTube
Bennett's full hold E: YouTube
Things that CAN'T trigger rainsword healing:
Sheer Cold DoT: YouTube
Inazuma Lightning DoT (Musoujin Gorge): YouTube
Wind Operative's DoT from having BoL: YouTube
Fall DMG: YouTube
Walking into Yuegui radishes: YouTube
Sara's Crowfeathers: YouTube
Kazuha's Burst's aura checks: YouTube
Datamined code clarifies that rainsword healing will only proc on hits that deal more than 0 DMG and/or Poise DMG to the player.
Burst Cancelling by using a special interaction on Xingqiu creates 2 bugs:
Xingqiu's Burst Rainswords will not proc when you use his Burst and activate a special interaction at the same time, but the Burst Orbitals will remain.
Xingqiu's Skill will no longer create Skill Rainsword Orbitals after Burst cancel until the next normal Burst.
No Rainsword procs:
No Orbital generation on Elemental Skill:
Some details were already found by. Refer to the Burst Cancelling Sheet for more detail.
Google Docs Link
Mostly Fluff, but may happen during quests and commissions.
Xingqiu's Q Damage Calculation is Dynamic
XQ ult is dynamic and not a snapshot.
Evidence: Video (source : @Ashen Cenpi)
XQ ult is cast and used against an enemy to determine a baseline.
NingGuang holding 4 petra creates a Hydro crystal and picks it up, granting the team 35% Hydro damage.
Hydro sword damage then observed to increase.
Note: Crystal is picked up after the 2nd wave of swords so Hydro RES Shred from C2 already accounted for.
XQ ult is dynamic and not a snapshot, buffs/value changes received after casting still affect damage. Previous interaction with dragonslayers is likely a result of the dragonslayers bug currently floating around.
Xingqiu Sword Rain "Buffering"
XQ ult wave comes out if you are in an auto animation at the time the ICD ends. It does not actually buffer.
First set of 2: Click-> wait 500 ms -> click -> wait 600 MS -> swap
Second set of 2: Click -> wait 500 ms -> click -> wait 400 MS -> swap
Clears up how exactly "XQ buffers." Additionally pending some extra tests about how long the active window for an auto to proc rain swords it.
Xingqiu Hydro Aura Persistence
After Xingqiu's Burst ends, there is a period where you can still imbue a Hydro aura even if the orbitals visually disappeared. Upon further investigation, XQ's orbitals don't disappear completely, rather, they degenerate into Particles of Hydro that still appear around XQ for a set duration of time (about 47 frames from the moment the swords blink before exploding until the last bits of Hydro Particles disappear).
Vid 1: I used XQ's Burst here. Video was left to play a bit longer to show Elemental aura gauge unit for "invisible" Hydro aura (it is 1U).
Vid 2: I used XQ's Skill here. Same "invisible" Hydro aura is observed as with his Burst.
GIF 1: Portion of Vid 2 where XQ orbitals break, magnified. Using this clip, I counted 47 frames for Hydro Particle persistence, starting from the moment the swords blink prior to shattering, and ending at the few frames when XQ imbues Hydro on the Ruin Guard.
GIF 2: Slowed down version of GIF 1. Here, the Hydro Particles are easier to observe.
Limit testing of XQ.
Xingqiu Q's Rain Sword Damage Reduction Overrides E's
Xingqiu's Q/E damage reduction snapshots. But with Q always overriding E before swapping.
After swapping, the Damage Reduction uses the more recently cast Q/E.
Always takes Q prior to swapping:
Takes more recently cast Q:
Takes more recently cast E:
We understand more about how XQ's damage reduction works. Additionally, this means that doing Q-N1-E with Mistsplitter XQ gives better damage reduction than E-Q-N1, especially if using C6 Bennett or Chongyun.
Xingqiu Burst and Long Normal Attack Animation Interaction
It is possible to trigger Xingqiu Burst Sword Rain multiple times on a single Normal Attack if the animation is long enough.
All Testing was done on 2.6 at 60 FPS. Did on both high ping and low ping and seems that its not ping dependant. Looks like if the animation is longer than 1 second, it can proc 2 sets of waves. Although some animations take a long time they don't trigger it like Keqing's one.
Yae Low Ping - Imgur
Yae High Ping - YouTube
Shenhe N3 and N5 - YouTube
Eula - YouTube
Albedo - YouTube
Fischl - YouTube
Keqing Not Triggering - YouTube
Documenting how on-normal-animation effects can actually trigger multiple times if the animation is long enough. Other units may exist or be added with normal animation triggers or super long animations that may take advantage of this.
Each Burst Wave Snapshots When Summoned
Each wave of sword rain attacks from Xingqiu's Burst snapshots buffs when summoned.
Without TTDS, Xingqiu's ATK was 1181 and one hit from his Burst did 432 damage on a CRIT: YouTube
With TTDS, Xingqiu's ATK was 1485 and one hit from his Burst did 544 damage on a CRIT: YouTube
In this video, I applied the TTDS buff to Xingqiu (ATK became 1485) and then summoned a wave of Xingqiu's sword rain attacks just before the TTDS buff ran out. The result was that the sword rain attacks did 544 damage on a CRIT (the damage of a hit buffed by TTDS). We know TTDS expired before the enemy was hit since Xingqiu's ATK was 1181 on the character screen just before the attack hit.
Better understanding of Xingqiu's Burst and snapshotting. Although in practice, Xingqiu's Burst uses buffs dynamically, once a wave of sword rain attacks is summoned, that wave has snapshotted Xingqiu's stats and is NOT dynamic anymore.
C6: Hence, Call Them My Own Verses
Xingqiu C6 3rd Wave Applies Hydro Twice
Significance: For vape comps with C6 XQ, every 3rd sword wave basically guarantees Hydro aura. For Electro-Charged comps, it makes it more likely for the Electro to be the trigger. Generally speaking, it gives XQ greater Hydro aura potential.
Xingqiu EQE vs QEE
Xingqiu EQE leads to about a 0.5 - 1s longer rotation time on average compared to QEE or EEQ in teams where Xingqiu E CD gates the rotation time.
This is because when performing EQE, his E CD is not ticking down during Q cast, whereas with QEE, this problem is avoided.
QEE has the highest damage from C4.
EEQ has the highest Energy potential for Xingqiu due to him catching Particles from both Es.
EQE is the easiest combo to perform since it does not require dash cancels. In terms of animation time, the three combos are close enough that human error renders the differences minimal.
Video 1: This clip compares EQE (left) and QEE (right) side by side with E CDs shown in the bottom right corners. The frame counter starts at the beginning of the first E press on both clips, and right clip starts to pull ahead by a larger margin for every rotation.
Video 2 (evidence for additional notes): Very rough comparison between the three combos, NOT FRAME PERFECT, this is meant to show how fast an average player would perform these combos.
Optimizing rotation times on teams with Xingqiu.
A young man carrying a longsword who is frequently seen at book booths. He has a chivalrous heart and yearns for justice and fairness for all.
Xingqiu Mains Discord
A Revised Xingqiu Handbook
Extended Xingqiu Guide: Prospector of Precipitation
5 Minute Video Guide to Xingqiu
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Enemies struck by Xingqiu's Charged Attack will be staggered or launched.
The DMG Reduction:
Does not take the Hydro DMG Bonus% gained from Kazuha's A4 into account.
Is affected by Mistsplitter's passive.
Does not work for the self-damage from Burgeon.
Increased resistance to interruption stacks with other skills of similar effects.
After the Rain Swords pop, there is a small window of time where Xingqiu can apply Hydro to enemies, even if the rain swords aren't visible.
This occurs with the orbitals created by both Xingqiu's Skill and Burst.
Only one Rain Sword can be shattered at a time, and the shattering has a cooldown of 1.5s.
Using Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen applies a very brief 1U Hydro aura onto the character.
EQE is about 0.5 - 1s slower on average compared to QEE or EEQ in teams where Xingqiu's E CD gates the rotation time. See more in this Vault Entry.
See this vault entry for a list of specific edge cases that trigger the healing from breaking the Rain Swords
Only the right one in 2, center one in 3, and center one in 5.
The number of Sword Rain attacks in each wave cycles in a 2-3 sequence, with the first wave having 2 Sword Rain attacks.
Rain Swords will not shatter.
Rain Swords DMG Reduction created by Guhua Sword: Raincutter also snapshots.
Before swapping, Guhua Sword: Raincutter's Rain Swords will always override Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen's .
After swapping, the DMG Reduction is based on the most recently cast Rain Swords.
Sword Rain waves can be triggered at most once a second. So long as you are still in a normal attack animation, the next Sword Rain wave will be triggered as soon as possible.
Some normal attack animations, which persist longer than 1 second, can trigger multiple Sword Rain waves.
The Normal Attack may be cancelled, but Sword Rain wave will still be triggered.
Guhua Sword: Raincutter does not snapshot buffs on cast. However, each wave of sword rain attacks from Guhua Sword: Raincutter will snapshots buffs when they are summoned.
Xingqiu's Burst has 106 idle i-frames (1.8s).
Burst Cancelling by using a special interaction on Xingqiu causes his Burst Sword Rain to not proc and his Skill to not create Rain Sword Orbitals.
The effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
This effect is multiplicative.
See: Damage Formula
Changes the number of Sword Rain attacks created in the wave cycles of Guhua Sword: Raincutter's Sword Rain waves to a 2-3-5 sequence. Xingqiu regenerates 3 Energy when the third Sword Rain wave hits opponents.
Energy regeneration is not affected by Energy Recharge.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Xinyan's Burst Procs Sac GS with C2
The shield C2 Xinyan creates on Burst can proc Sac GS's passive.
More chances for sacrificial procs never hurts. Also, there's less worry if you want to pop Skill when sac GS is on CD or if the passive doesn't proc at all, because Burst can also proc sac GS if your Xinyan is C2.
Xinyan C6 affects her Skill and Burst
Xinyan C6 affects her Skill and Burst. The un-game description for Xinyan's C6 states that Xinyan's Charged Attacks gain an ATK Bonus equal to 50% of her DEF. However, the buff is simply added to the stats page as flat attack. Since Xinyans Elemental Skill and Burst are dynamic, C6 buff can increase their damage.
Xinyan stats + C6 buff added to stats page
C6 dynamically buffing Burst DoT ticks and C2 Shield DoT ticks
In-game description is pepega and on-field C6 Xinyan will do a tiny bit more damage than expected.
Xinyan C2 Shield Formation Pulses Extra Times
Finding: Xinyan's C2 will cause her new shield to pulse a varying amount of times extra, depending on the player's device and settings (most notably their FPS), before continuing with the usual 6 pulses of a normal level 3 shield. This occurs regardless of already having a shield active prior to using her Burst.
The most common amount of additional pulses is 2, between 30 and 60 FPS. Lower frame rates can result in only one pulse, while a stable 60 FPS will usually result in 3 pulses. Higher FPS (with iOS's 120 FPS option) may potentially result in more pulses.
At 60 FPS, without prior shield, it has extra pulses: YouTube
At 60 FPS, with prior Lv1/2 shield, it has extra pulses: YouTube
At 60 FPS, with prior Lv3 shield, it has extra pulses: YouTube
At 60 FPS, it pulses 3 times during her Burst: YouTube
At 30 FPS, it pulses once during her Burst: YouTube
At 30 FPS, it may pulse twice during her Burst: YouTube
Further evidence showing FPS is not the only deciding factor (15 FPS, usually pulses once, rarely pulses twice): YouTube
Further evidence showing one pulse causing one Cryo shield Melt at 30fps: YouTube
Further evidence showing three pulses causing three Cryo shield melts at 60fps: YouTube
Significance: This causes Xinyan's Q to deal a tiny bit more damage than expected at C2, and thanks to her shield pulses not having an ICD, may allow players that are able to play at a higher frame-rate to overtake other Elemental auras more easily. For calculations, 2 pulses should be assumed as that is the most common. Additionally, this shows that differences in frame rate can have an effect on individual Skills, which may warrant further investigation.
Liyue's sole rock 'n' roll musician. She rebels against ossified prejudices using her music and passionate singing.
A Guide to Liyues Rockstar
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Rave will deal Pyro DMG to nearby opponents once every 2 seconds for a total of 6 hits if the shield is active for the full duration.
A higher-level shield can be overridden by a lower-level one when using Sacrificial Greatsword or casting the shield while already having one from C2 Burst.
Can trigger on shielded enemies.
The shield created can proc Sacrificial Greatsword's passive
The shield created may trigger extra pulses of Pyro DMG to nearby opponents. The number of extra pulses depends on the client's frame rate.
The effect persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Her C6 is added into the stats page as flat ATK.
Full Talent Values
New frame data - Google Sheets
New Burst frame data Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data - Google Sheets
NA: 3-hit/2.5s - Video
CA: None - Video
E: 3-hit/2.5s - Video
Q: None - Video
NA, CA, E, and Q are all 1U. - Video
E: Dynamic - Video
Q: Dynamic - Google Sheets
NA is considered an AoE attack. - Video
NA doesn't track teleporting enemies. - Video
NA and CA can both hit through walls. - Video 1 / Video 2
CA can hit the same enemy twice if the hitbox is large enough. - Video - @dejaroo
Particles - Video
1 (-) every hit of the Sesshou Sakura.
It's the same amount regardless of the amount of Sesshou Sakuras on-field or the level.
Each Sesshou Sakura hits 5 times, each with independent timing.
The first hit occurs 1.5s after E is casted.
The following hits occur every 2.9s.
When there is more than 1 Sesshou Sakura on-field, particles are generated only from the first one that was placed.
Sesshou Sakura hits shield even from behind the enemy. - Video - @dejaroo
Casting E three times in a straight line does not allow the outside two turrets to become level 3; only the middle turret will become level 3. - Video
Sesshou Sakura has a small AoE and can only hit multiple enemies when they are tightly grouped up. - Video
The dash does not have i-frames; Yae Miko places down a Sesshou Sakura where she is hit during a dash. - Video 1 / Video 2
When Yae Miko dies from a hit while during the dash, no Sesshou Sakura will be placed and the Elemental Skill still goes on cooldown. - Video
When using the Elemental Skill 3 times in a row, all 3 Sesshou Sakuras will become level 3 before any of them fires. - Video
Yae Miko dashes backwards and leaves a Sesshou Sakura in the place the Elemental Skill is used, unless a directional key is being held down, in which case she will dash in the direction that she is moving towards. - Video
The Sesshou Sakuras despawn when Yae Miko dies. - Video
Using E allows Yae Miko to escape Mirror Maiden's cage. - Video
The level and limit for the amount of Sesshou Sakuras is shared in CO-OP. - Video
Sesshou Sakura can be deployed mid-air using a moving platform and stay in the air. - Video
Yae Miko Totem Mechanics
Various findings regarding Yae Mikos E mechanics.
Yae Mikos totems have clear targeting preferences, and seem to group targets into differently prioritized categories. The target categories are as follows:
1.1 First Category: Living Beings
Most living beings are targetable. All targetable living beings have equal priority.
This includes; enemies, bake-danuki, small wildlife (ducks, herons, foxes,..), aggressive wildlife (rishboland tigers, crocodiles,..), confused aranaras.
Exceptions are NPCs such as pari, other aranara, and human NPCs.
Evidence 1: Totems target the bake-danuki and attacking Kairagi at the same time
Evidence 2: Both the Flying Serpent and the nearby regular wildlife serpents are hit
Evidence 3: The attacking Sumpter Beast is hit alongside the attacking Eremites
Evidence 4: A nearby fox is hit while fighting Hillichurls
Evidence 5: The totems target both the regular enemy Hillichurls and the overworld boss Pyro Regisvine
Evidence 6: 0:27-0:34s a confused Aranara is hit while fighting nearby Eremites
These are an exception, other overworld aranaras such as reckless aranaras at 0:35-0:56s are untargetable
1.2 Second Category: Dendro Cores
Dendro Cores will not be hit with Category 1 targets nearby
They have a lower targeting priority than living beings but seem to have a higher priority than all other targetable objects.
Evidence 1: The Dendro Core is only targeted after all ducks have died
Evidence 2: 0:05-0:11s Totems prioritize the Crocodile over a nearby Dendro Core
Evidence 3: 0:13s and 0:28s Dendro Cores are only targeted once the Wenut becomes untargetable underground
Evidence 4: When available, totems target Dendro Cores and ignore the torch puzzle
Evidence 5: The Tri-Lakshana Creature is ignored as long as there are Dendro Cores
1.2.1 Regarding Hyperbloom:
While enemies as the higher priority target prevent dendro cores from being directly hit, the totem strikes AoE can still trigger Hyperbloom. Their ability to do so depends on enemy hitbox, and reliability varies depending on enemy AI. In ideal conditions it is semi-consistent, creating the illusion that totems target the cores, which they do not.
Testing data from a selection of enemies can be found in this sheet
1.3 Third Category: Targetable Objects
Targetable objects, plantlife, puzzles have the lowest priority
These are only hit when no other, higher priority targets are nearby. Not all objects, puzzles, plantlife ingame is targetable.
Evidence 1: 0:06-0:16s totems alternate between hitting the torches and a nearby Tri-Lakshana Creature
When present, torch platforms are targetable and have the same priority as nearby torches
Evidence 2: Glowing Sky Kitsunes, regular Earth Kitsunes, and glowing Earth Kitsunes are all targeted
In contrast, regular Sky Kitsunes cannot be targeted as seen above
Evidence 3: 0:00-0:14s targeting switches between boxes, the cooking pot, and logs
Evidence 4: Nearby berries are targeted, but only after killing the Hydro slime
Berries are the only targetable bush plant, Harra Fruits and Zaytun Peaches are untargetable despite also having pickable fruits.
Evidence 5: Chasm light puzzle, light bubble and Zhiqiongs beacon are all targeted
Chasm Starshrooms are not Tri-Lakshana creatures and as seen are not targeted, unlike their Sumeru counterparts
Evidence 6: Both the fruit tree and the bonfire are targeted
Other plant life such as regular trees and bushes, is not targetable
Sakura Blooms are also not targetable
Evidence 7: 0:01-0:10s Mt. Hulao amber is targeted, including after its been broken and rewards have been collected, 0:19-0:24s.
Evidence 8: 0:02-0:06s totems targeting enviromental hazards such as exploding barrels and the chasm geo bombs can lead to danger
Evidence 9: Vorukasha flower puzzles are targetable, but only the final flower
Evidence 10: Totems will strike desert Tumbleweeds
Some unmentioned examples of objects that seemingly should belong in this category but are untargetable are; puzzles such as elemental totems, Apam bubbles, and floating slimes; interactable objects such as the Serenitea Pot and domain doors, and the crafting bench.
Note: If there are no nearby targets, Totems will not strike but will still level up
Other than the above targeting categories, there are no patterns to Sesshou Sakuras strikes.
2.1 Targeting Within Categories is Random
While the categories are prioritized relative to each other, targeting within them appears random.
Targeting is not affected by enemy HP, strikes alternate between the enemies with higher and lower HP.
It is not affected by electro aura/gauge, neither the vishap stuck on the electro crystal nor other is prioritized.
Elemental shields do not affect targeting either. Shielded fatui are targeted equally to non-shielded other fatui. Targeting alternates between cryo, pyro, hydro abyss mages and does not change as the mages lose their shields
Detailed testing data can be found in this sheet. Testing does not show any discernible pattern, nor are there any artificial randomness that would indicate its weighted to ensure it appears random.
2.2 Totem Range is Individual
The totems do not share range, and a target can be in range of one totem while being out of range of another
Evidence 1: One totem in range, two out of range
Evidence 2: Two totems in range, one out of range
The totems being connected does not affect this.
Evidence 1: Totem(s) in range are connected to out of range ones
(All three totems in range for reference)
Other assorted findings, mainly target interactions and notable incidents.
3.1 Temporarily Untargetable Enemies
As seen in mentioned recordings, when multiple targets from different categories are in range, the highest priority target(s) will prevent the lesser targets from being struck.
Totems will only strike lower priority targets if the enemy becomes untargetable. This mainly happens when an enemy goes out of range, but some enemies temporarily disappear and become untargetable as part of their attack strings.
Evidence 1: The Wenut going underground at 0:13s, 0:28s allow the totems to directly target nearby dendro cores.
The totems still re-target and deal damage before Wenut visibly reappears; 1:09s
Evidence 2: 0:29s Rifthounds have a split-second window where they are untargetable
The enemy visually disappearing does not guarantee Sesshou Sakura will register them as gone, most enemies remain targetable, even if damage cant be inflicted. In those cases the totems will target either their previous position or their future one.
Evidence 1: 1:55s A vanished flying serpent is still targetable, totems target the ground where it last was
Evidence 2: 0:29s The fanged beast is targeted after it disappears, and the strike triggers quicken while its out of sight; 0:31s
Evidence 3: 0:06s the geovishap hatchlings last position is targeted
Another example with a geovishap hatchling; 0:01s
Evidence 4: when the geovishap is close to reappearing, totems swap to targeting its future position
Evidence 5: 0:13s An underground ruin destroyers last position is targeted when another enemy is nearby
Note that these enemy animations can allow the totem AoE to trigger nearby cores that would otherwise be blocked by the enemy hitbox, as seen with the digging geovishap hatchling; 0:06s, and another one; 1:17s
Additionally, some enemies are not immediately targetable when aggrod, but not all.
Evidence 1: 0:06s during a ruin guards start-up animation, a nearby Tri-Lakshana creature is targeted
Evidence 2: Maguu Kenki is immediately targetable
3.2 Strike Shenanigans
Some targets have notable interactions with the Sesshou Sakuras.
Although rare, the totems can miss their target; see the fanged beasts lunge at 0:48s
Totems can seemingly strike through the enemy, see the red vultures attacks at 0:33s, 1:21s, 1:42s
Its not only a visual effect, as dendro cores below are triggered at 0:34s
After deploying his green ring during the aranyaka quest, Arama becomes targetable at equal priority to objects and lower than living beings, despite being untargetable before
In contrast, Arabalika does not become targetable despite also helping the player during fights
When bake-danuki go out of range or after the puzzle is done, totems will target all spots they appeared at with equal priority to objects
The totems can predict weasel-thieves movements, at 0:10s strikes start targeting the spot it will emerge from, before investigate is selected at 0:16s
Unfortunately this doesn't work on the weasel commission, as those are untargetable
Very, very rarely the totems will strike ore once and immediately turn inactive again; at 0:01-0:10s
Fishable fishes can be targeted; at 0:01s, 0:14s (~~to cause coop mischief~~)
Spiders and their web seem to be neither living beings nor objects
A random stone slate in Mondstadt is targetable
A better understanding of how Yae Mikos totems work, including confirmation that her targeting is at least partially random, a correction regarding dendro cores targeting priority and Yae Mikos ability to hit them with her skill, and some target-totem interactions.
Tenko Kenshin is completely stationary, and the Tenko Thunderbolts' locations are always in front of Yae Miko and are independent of Sesshou Sakuras' locations. - Video
The Tenko Kenshin targeting occurs at the end of the Elemental Burst animation. - Video
Elemental Particles and Orbs can be pre-funneled to Yae Miko. - Video
Tenko Kenshin unseals all Sesshou Sakuras in CO-OP, regardless of the original ownership. The damage of Tenko Thunderbolts is based on the stats of the player that casts the Elemental Burst. - Image
Sesshou Sakuras are unsealed instantly when casting the Elemental Burst. - Video
A4: Enlightened Blessing
Yae Miko's A4 is affected by Kazuha's C2, but only when she is standing within the Autumn Whilrwind field. - Video
Yae Miko's A4 is affected by Sucrose's A4. - Video
Yae Miko's A4 is affected by Diona's C6 - Video
The DMG Bonus% is additive with other DMG Bonuses%. - Video / Calc
C1: Yakan Offering
Tenko Kenshin does not need to hit enemies in order to restore the Flat Energy. - Video - Rare
Lady Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine. Also serves as the editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House. Unimaginable intelligence and cunning are hidden under her beautiful appearance.
Full Yae Miko Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Normal Attacks have a 3 hit/2.5s ICD.
Charged Attacks have no ICD.
Charged Attacks can hit the same enemy twice if the hitbox is large enough. e.g. Azhdaha.
Each Sesshou Sakura hits up to 5 times, but only the first one generates Particles (1 Particle on each hit and none on cast).
When casting E three times in a straight line only the one in the middle will be level 3.
It has a small AoE.
The dash does not have i-frames.
The Sesshou Sakura will always be placed in front of Yae Miko as she dashes back, unless a directional key is held down, in which case she will dash towards said direction.
There are multiple findings regarding Sesshou Sakura mechanics, mainly on targeting categories and patterns. Click here for more information.
It is completely stationary and targets the enemies at the end of the animation, regardless of where the Sesshou Sakuras are.
Elemental Particles and Orbs can be pre-funneled.
The Sesshou Sakuras are unsealed instantly when casting the Burst.
Elemental Mastery from other characters such as Kazuha C2, Sucrose A4, or Diona C6 increases the DMG of Sesshou Sakura.
The Burst does not need to hit an enemy in order for the Energy to be restored.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets
Stamina consumption decrease from seals affects all actions
Yanfei's E has 1U Pyro application
Yanfei's Q has 2U Pyro application
Yanfei's Charged Attack and Elemental Skill Shatter
Yanfei's A4 is on a separate ICD from her charged attack.
Yanfei's A4 applies 1U Pyro and has no noticeable ICD to trigger or apply pryo.
Yanfei's E generates 3 Particles and
Yanfei's A1 applies the Pyro bonus before charged attack damage is calculated.
A4: Blazing Eye
Yanfei A4 Dragonstrike
Yanfei A4 has hitlag, allowing you to dragonstrike off of it.
Can be done with 0 seals: Imgur
Combo example: Imgur
Stylish Yanfei combos.
C6: Extra Clause
C6 Yanfei Stamina Consumed Reduction
Yanfei's Charged Attack Stamina consumption is reduced by 15% per seal. Yanfei's C1 makes each of her seal reduce Stamina cost of her Charged Attacks by and additional 10%. Her C6 allows her to have an extra 1 seal for a max of 4. 4 seals, each giving 25% Stamina reduction each results in her Charged Attacks not costing stamina. Video proof attached, first Charged Attack with 0 seals consumes Stamina and causes bar to appear, second Charged Attack with full seals after gaining them through Yanfei's E does not.
With a play style heavily centered around Charged Attacks, Yanfei's C6 allowing her to have 0 Stamina cost per Charged Attack makes her C6 very useful.
A well-known legal adviser active in Liyue Harbor. A brilliant young lady in whose veins runs the blood of an illuminated beast.
Yanfei Full Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
This stamina consumption reduction applies to all actions
This Charged Attack's AoE and DMG will increase according to the amount of Scarlet Seals consumed
Yanfei's Charged Attack Shatters Frozen targets.
Signed Edict is blunt damage and Shatters Frozen targets.
The Pyro DMG bonus from Proviso is applied before charged attack damage is calculated.
Blazing Eye has no noticeable ICD to trigger Reactions or apply Pyro.
This does not affect her Charged Attack ICD.
Blazing Eye can trigger vs enemy shields.
Blazing Eye has hitlag, allowing you to dragonstrike off of it.
At 4 seals, Yanfei's Charged Attack will consume 0 Stamina.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets, Video - @kolibri..
Skill: 1U - Video - @emmaus
Burst: 1U - Video - @emmaus
Skill: 2.5s - Video - @idkanonymized
Burst: 1.5s - Video - @idkanonymized
Skill+Burst: Shared during Q state Video - @idkanonymized
NA/CA: Separate - Video - @socket0
Damage: Snapshots when created. - Video - @bobrokrot
Healing: Snapshots when created. - Video - @bobrokrot
A1: Radishes snapshot when thrown. - Video - @bobrokrot
A4: Healing is dynamic. - Video - @bobrokrot
Given the ICD of Yaoyao's skill, Yuegui will apply Dendro every 3rd hit. Video - @puffin.9920
Yuegui can target things in the overworld, but will first prioritize nearby characters at 70% HP or less, followed by enemies. Video 1, Video 2, Video 3 - @jamberry
Yuegui can target invisible enemies such as Fatui Agents, ASIMON, and Primal Constructs. - @addicted2reading
Radishes track teleporting enemies, even if they teleport out of the Skill's range. Video - @emmaus
Jade Radishes can trigger ally ascension/constellation passives, such as Diluc's C2, Thoma's C1, Zhongli's A1, and Beidou's C4.
Beidou (does not trigger skill): Video - @anju06
Thoma: Video 1, Video 2 - @mystathi
Diluc, Zhongli: Video - @bobrokrot
Has a 50% chance to generate a particle on enemy hit, creating 4-5 particles per 10 hits. Video - @emmaus
Elemental Auras and Yuegui
Yuegui can be applied elemental auras when hit by enemies or placed in water. Cryo, Hydro+Electro - @gellagella
Yuegui cannot be infused with an elemental aura by allies in the same way that Baron Bunny can. Video - @addicted2reading
Yaoyao's skill has a small delay between cast and Dendro application. This can be significant in allowing for Swirls of a pre-applied element before Dendro is applied to cause a reaction that might not allow the Swirl. Video - @sirkay
White Jade Radishes can carry a Hydro aura when under rain. Video - @cuppacote
Enemy hyperblooms will prioritize targeting Yuegui rather than the player, even though Yuegui is not a taunt or otherwise targetable by enemy attacks. Video - @23enigma
Activating Yaoyao's Burst changes the DMG type of White Jade Radishes generated to Burst DMG. Also changes their ICD. Video - @anju06
A4: In Others' Shoes
Can affect multiple characters simultaneously, and can continue to heal them even when they go off-field. Video - @grankrathalos
C1: Adeptus' Tutelage
Does not stack. Video - @puffin.9920
Streetward Rambler's youngest disciple. A gentle and caring "little adult."
Full Yaoyao Written Guide
Yaoyao Quick Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Given the ICD of Yaoyao's Skill, Yuegui will apply Dendro every 3rd hit on the same target.
Yaoyao's Skill has a 50% chance to generate a particle on enemy hit, creating 4-5 particles per 10 hits.
Yuegui will prioritize targeting nearby characters at 70% of their Max HP or less over enemies. Yuegui can also target overworld objects.
Yuegui can target enemies even if they are in an invisible state.
White Jade Radishes track teleporting enemies, even if they teleport out of the Skill's range.
White Jade Radishes can trigger ally ascension/constellation passives, such as Diluc's C2, Thoma's C1, Zhongli's A1, and Beidou's C4.
White Jade Radishes can carry a Hydro aura when under rain.
Yuegui - Elemental Auras
Yuegui can be applied elemental auras when hit by enemies or placed in water.
Yuegui cannot be infused with an elemental aura by team members.
Yaoyao's skill has a small delay between its cast and the first Dendro application.
Enemy Hyperblooms will prioritize targeting Yuegui rather than the player, even though Yuegui is not a taunt or otherwise targetable by enemy attacks.
Activating Yaoyao's Burst changes the DMG type of White Jade Radishes generated to Burst DMG. Also changes their ICD.
Can affect multiple characters simultaneously, and can continue to heal them even when they go off-field.
The Dendro DMG Bonus buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Does not stack.
Full Talent Values
New frame data - Google Sheets
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
New Burst frame data Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data:
NA, E - Google Sheets
Gauges - Video
Breakthrough Barb: 1U
Q Initial: 2U
Exquisite Throws: 1U
E, Q Initial, and Exquisite Throws have separate ICDs. - Video
Exquisite Throws: ~2s/3-hit. - Video
Q: dynamic - Video
The forth attack in Yelan's Normal Attack sequence appears behind her, and can be blocked when standing next to a wall. - Video - Beast
Breakthrough Barb doesn't reset while in combat upon spending 5s+ off-field. Video
Yelan can gain Breakthrough Barb while charging a non-Breakthrough Barb shot. - Video
Yelan can plunge from standing. - Video - Beast
Breakthrough Barb has a 0 damage hit on the arrow itself, on top of the actual Breakthrough Barb damage. - Video
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
E generates 4 Particles. - Video
Lifeline Throws have a separate internal timer from the ones triggered with Coordinated Attacks. - Video
E CD begins when Yelan exits the rapid movement state. - Video - Beast
Rapid movement state from Hold E is affected by movement speed. - Video 1 - Video 2 and
You can regenerate Stamina during E. - Video - Beast
Lifeline can be i-framed by enemies, dealing no damage but still producing Particles. Video (video from OkCode)
You can collect things during E. - Video - Beast
Rapid movement state doesn't apply Hydro to Pyro Lecter's Furnace or produce Particles upon exiting. - Video
Rapid movement state can't hit animals. - Video
Rapid movement state doesn't work on the Parametric Transformer. - Video
Yelan E is faster than Sayu E. - Videos
E can be used to escape Mirror Maiden prisons. - Video
Coordinated attacks have variable time intervals between each hit. - Video
Coordinated attacks can be buffered like Xingqiu. - Video - Beast
When a wave from Exquisite Throw is procced just as Yelan's Burst duration ends, it may be cut off and not shoot the entire wave. - Video
Exquisite Throw can proc very early into a Normal Attack animation, unlike Xingqiu's Rain Swords. It is possible to perform "N0" inputs to trigger her Burst without triggering Xingqiu's Swords. - Video 1 - Video 2
Q timer seems to start on frame 73 of the Burst (white flash during the cutscene) and ends when the dice starts to disappear. - Image - Video
You can double prefunnel Energy with Xingqiu and Yelan E. - Video
A1: Turn Control
A1 is additive to other sources of HP%. - Video
A4: Adapt With Ease
A4 cannot be snapshotted and only applies on active character. - Video
A4 does not reset on character swap and is not tied to a single character. - Video
Yelan Burst Wave Microsnapshot
Based on the Xingqiu wave snapshot ticket, Yelans Burst was investigated. Unlike Xingqiu, it seems the check for buffs is done per projectile, not per wave. Each Burst projectile snapshots after being generated.
Video 3 (switched between Pyro and Hydro potion in this video)
Better understanding of how buffs interact with Yelans Burst, specifically noting that each of Yelans projectiles in a given wave can do different damage.
C1: Enter the Plotters
CD of 1st E starts after exiting rapid movement state, CD of 2nd E is added after the CD of 1st E ends. - Video - Imagine being good at the
C4 can stack on a single enemy, each stack refreshes the timer, and the proc keeps your remaining HP% stable. - Video
The increased HP as a result of increasing Max HP while maintaining HP% is not a heal, and will be gone when C4 expires. - Video
C6: Winner Takes All
C6 benefits from CA DMG Bonus buffs. - Image
C6 does not proc Mitternachts Waltz passive. - Image
Whether or not it procs other NA effects is unknown.
C6 attacks can proc Beidou's Burst. - Video
A mysterious person who claims to work for the Ministry of Civil Affairs, but is a "non-entity" on the Ministry of Civil Affairs' list.
Full Yelan Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
N4 appears behind Yelan and will not go through if she is standing with her back to a wall.
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Breakthrough Barb does not reset after spending 5s off-field and in combat.
Yelan can gain Breakthrough Barb while charging a Fully-Charged Aimed Shot.
Breakthrough Barb has a 0 damage hit on top of Breakthrough Barb DMG.
Yelan can plunge from standing.
Lingering Lifeline CD begins when Yelan exists the rapid movement state.
The rapid movement state is affected by movement speed buffs.
Stamina can be regenerated during the rapid movement state.
Enemies can i-frame Lifeline, causing it to deal no damage but produce Particles.
Things can be picked up via the interaction key during the rapid movement state.
The rapid movement state does not do anything to Abyss Lector furnace, Parametric Transformer, or animals.
Yelan can escape Mirror Maiden prisons during the rapid movement state.
Initial hit and Exquisite Throws have separate ICDs.
Exquisite Throws have variable time intervals between each hit.
Exquisite Throws can be buffered.
If the duration of Depth-Clarion Dice ends while a wave of Exquisite Throw is triggered, it may not shoot the entire wave.
Exquisite Throws can trigger very early into a Normal Attack animation and N0 will trigger a wave.
The 15 second timer starts 73 frames after Q is pressed.
The Burst can be double prefunneled.
The damage of each coordinated attack snapshots separately after being generated.
This is additive to other sources of HP%.
It only applies to the character on-field but is not tied to a single character.
The damage increase does not snapshot or reset when switching characters.
CD of the second Lingering Lifeline is added after the CD of the first Lingering Lifeline ends.
Multiple stacks can be gained from a single enemy.
Each stack refreshes the timer.
All party members' Current HP is increased proportionally to their Max HP, and will be decreased again once the duration ends.
C6 is affected by CA DMG Bonuses.
C6 does not proc the NA effect from Mitternachts Waltz.
C6 can proc Beidou's Burst.
Full Talent Values
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Aim mode frame data - Google Sheets
Burst frame data Google Sheets
Level 1 Charged Shot: 1U
Level 2 Charged Shot: 1U
Kindling Arrows: 1U
Pyro-infused NA: 1U
Charged shot during Niwabi Fire-Dance: 1U
Burst initial hit: 2U
Aurous Blaze Explosion: 1U
Charged shot during E does not produce Particles
Yoimiya's Particle generation triggers on-hit (ICD estimate is ~2s)
Yoimiya can still produce Energy even after infusion expiry as long as the icd is off CD and the infused normal attack string arrow lands
Yoimiya's Kindling Arrows last around 2.5 seconds, don't drop off like regular arrows, and have auto lock aiming at a semi wide range.
Yoimiya's Kindling Arrows can trigger a second Overload if shot far away enough, because Kindling Arrows travel long enough to bypass the 0.5s ICD of Overload
Yoimiya can have all three Kindling Arrows up after Niwabi Fire Dance ends, so long as the required charging time is met.
3 Kindling Arrows
2 Kindling Arrows
Yoimiya can consistently trigger fall damage utilizing Overload reactions.
You have to trigger all 3 overloads across her NA string to do this, otherwise she can miss the target. Results may vary for other Electro applicators.
Yoimiya's auto-aim range for her normals is around 6 tiles (~15.3 meters)
Kindling Arrows can home in on different targets.
Kindling Arrows have a limited range.
Kindling Arrow tracking is curved making it possible to orbit around targets.
Kindling Arrows Interaction with Amos' Bow
Kindling Arrows are affected by Amos' Bow's passive, and it is very easy for Kindling Arrows to gain all 5 stacks because of how slowly they move.
Kindling Arrow affected by Amos' Bow's passive at various ranges
Increases Amos' Bow value with a CA-oriented Yoimiya playstyle.
Yoimiya Kindling Arrows Weakspot Interaction
Yoimiya CA Kindling Arrows can hit weakspots but don't always CRIT.
The 3 Kindling Arrows didn't CRIT when hitting the weakspot but clearly activated the Prototype Crescent passive.
Easier activation of the Prototype Crescent passive on Yoimiya and a possible bug where the Kindling Arrow hit doesn't activate the 100% CRIT on weakspots.
Aimed Shot Damage Dropoff
Her infused arrows follow standard ICD
Yoimiya's Skill is Multiplicative
Yoimiya Stat Sheet
Yoimiya Damage (2090)
2089 = attack
1.12 = 1 + damage bonus (0.12 from bow)
0.5 = enemy defence multiplier
0.9 = enemy resistance multiplier
2.552 = CRIT
1.5879 = normal ATK damage bonus from T9 Niwabi Fire-Dance
0.4901 = talent multiplier of T6 N1
Yoimiyas Arrows Snapshot Her Skill Bonus
Yoimiya's blazing arrows snapshot the damage bonus from her Skill.
Although Yoimiya's Skill ends when she swaps off field, her blazing arrow damage remains the same whether you swap off before it hits an enemy or stay on field.
In this video, you can see that Yoimiya's N1 did the same damage when I swapped and when I didn't.
We can show that Yoimiya's Skill ends as soon as you swap off because blazing arrows that hit after you swap off cannot activate her A1 Passive.
In this video, Yoimiya's Pyro DMG Bonus didn't increase, even though her infused N1 hit, because she was off field.
Better understanding of snapshotting - Even though Yoimiya's normal damage bonus from her Skill is multiplicative and doesn't show up in her "Character Details" page, her arrows still snapshot it.
Yoimiya Skill Sometimes Generates 5 Particles
Yoimiya's skill sometimes generates 5 particles.
Correction of current TCL conclusions stating that Yoimiya's Skill generates 4 particles.
Burst doesn't snapshot
Burst follows standard ICD (3-hit/2.5s)
The initial hit of Yoimiya's Burst is an arrow, and can miss.
Yoimiya's Burst elevates her character position.
A1: Tricks of the Trouble-Maker
Yoimiya's A1 Passive can last up to 3s after E expires.
Stacks gained from Yoimiya's A1 do not have independent durations, each Normal Attack hit will refresh the duration of all stacks to 3s. and
Viridescent Hunt's passive does not affect Yoimiya's A1.
Gaining stacks will cause the orbitting sparks from Niwabi Fire-Dance to increase in brightness.
Niwabi Fire-Dance's Blazing Arrow and Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner
Yoimiya's Niwabi Fire-Dance's Blazing Arrow DMG increase does not increase Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner bonus. - Sheet
Yoimiya is also one of the few characters whom NPC will cheer for when using Elemental Skill.
Owner of Naganohara Fireworks. Known as the "Queen of the Summer Festival," she excels in her craft of creating fireworks that symbolize people's hopes and dreams.
6 Minute Yoimiya Video Guide
Yoimiya Full Guide
Charged Attack frame counts are done using by holding and releasing the Normal Attack button.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
The auto-aim range for her normals is around 6 abyss tiles (~15.3 meters)
After the first 0.7s, Aimed Shot damage and Gauge Unit will drop off 10% for every 0.05s the arrow travels in air (up to a total of 90%).
Regular Charge Level 2 arrows have Impulse Type 2 and headshots have 5, Poise Damage is the same as Charge Level 1.
Kindling Arrows last around 2.5 seconds, don't drop off like regular arrows, and have auto lock aiming at a semi wide range.
Yoimiya can have all three Kindling Arrows up after Niwabi Fire Dance ends, so long as the required charging time is met.
Kindling Arrows are affected by Amos' Bow's passive and reach max stacks at low range.
When hitting a weakspot with Kindling Arrows, Yoimiya can activate the Prototype Crescent passive but not always CRIT.
How Yoimiya's N1 hits trigger Echoes of an Offering differs depending on range.
The DMG Bonus from Niwabi Fire-Dance is multiplicative.
Yoimiya's Particle generation triggers on infused arrow hit and has an ICD of 2s on Particle generation.
Yoimiya's Particle generation procs cannot be buffered, so Yoimiya will ideally generate 4 Particles over the duration of Niwabi Fire-Dance
Yoimiya's Skill sometimes generates 5 Particles.
Charged Shots during the duration of Niwabi Fire-Dance do not generate Particles.
Yoimiya can still produce Energy even after Niwabi Fire-Dance expires as long as the ICD is off CD and the infused normal attack string arrow lands.
Blazing Arows snapshot the DMG Bonus from Niwabi Fire-Dance and still benefit from it even when Yoimiya swaps off-field right before the Blazing Arrows hit.
Yoimiya's Niwabi Fire-Dance's Blazing Arrow DMG increase does not increase Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner bonus.
Stacks gained from Tricks of the Trouble-Maker do not have independent durations, each Normal Attack hit will refresh the duration of all stacks to 3s.
The Pyro DMG Bonus from Tricks of the Trouble-Maker can last up to 3s after Niwabi Fire-Dance ends.
Gaining stacks will cause the orbitting sparks from Niwabi Fire-Dance to increase in brightness.
The buff persists for its full duration even when this character leaves party. Click here for the finding.
Kindling Arrow shares ICD with Yoimiya's infused Normal Attacks.
These extra Blazing Arrow shares ICD with Yoimiya's infused normal attacks.
Full Talent Values
New frame data - Google Sheets
Deprecated frame data
NA - Video
CA - Video
Press - Video
Charge Level 1- Video
Charge Level 2 - Video
Burst - Video
Tap E: 2U - Video
Charge Level 1: 2U - Video
Charge Level 2: 4U - Video
Burst: 2U - Video
Normal Attack Mechanics
Tap E: 2 - Video
Hold Level 1: 2-3 (3:2) - Sheet Video
Hold Level 2: 3 - Video
Yun Jin is considered shielded for the duration of her E. - Video
Perfect Counter Cannon
In order to combat the increasingly toxic nature of the internet, cyberbullying and world hunger, we test whether Yun Jin and Beidou can counter the Inazuma Cannon. We found that both Beidou and Yun Jin can commit a counter against the cannon and prevent death. This is truly a joyous day for anti-trolling.
Video of Beidou Counter
Video of Yun Jin Counter
Despite Ei's prominent ability in the use of machines and dolls, her country is horrifically prepared to combat the common vision users such as Beidou and Yun Jin. It is of the recommendation of this court that the Vision Hunt Decree be reenacted to increase the overall efficacy of these cannons in Inazuma.
Yun Jin Flags In Freeze
Yun Jin's flags from her E persist for however long she's Frozen. Looks kinda cool.
Yun Jin's flags look awesome.
Yun Jin's Burst does not snapshot. - Video
The bonus damage from Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner gets increased by DMG% increases, such as Pyro%. - Sheet
Yun Jin Burst can be extended by hitlag, including from hits by other characters.
C1 Yun Jin No Attacks
725 frame duration (initial hit animation to last frame of flags): 12.08 seconds
With Normal Attacks
819 frame duration: 13.65 seconds
With Hu Tao 11N2C
853 frame duration: 14.22 seconds
Yun Jin Q increases damage of all hits in multi-hit attacks. - Video -
Yun Jin's Burst only affects affects attacks, passives and effects with the Normal Attack tag. NO EXCEPTIONS.
This list is not exhaustive.
Anemo Traveler A1 - Image
Geo Traveler A4 - Image
Tartaglia's Riptide Flash - Image
Targaglia's Riptide Burst (regardless of triggering character) - Image
Fischl's C1 - Video
Chongyun C1 - Image
Skyward Pride vacuum blade - Image
Kokomi C1 - Image
Raiden's Burst attacks - Image 1 / Image 2
A1: True to Oneself
Yun Jin's A1 Passive triggers on burning grass. - Video
C4: Flower and a Fighter
The DEF % increase does not apply to the hit that triggers the Crystallize. - Video
Niwabi Fire-Dance's Blazing Arrow and Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner
Yoimiya's Niwabi Fire-Dance's Blazing Arrow DMG increase does not increase Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner bonus. - Sheet
A renowned Liyue opera singer who is skilled in both playwriting and singing. Her style is one-of-a-kind, exquisite and delicate, much like the person herself.
Full Yun Jin Written Guide
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Yun Jin is considered shielded for the duration of her Opening Flourish stance.
This can be used to apply Geo Resonance Geo Res Shred.
Yun Jin can perfect counter shots from the Inazuma Kamuijima Cannons.
Yun Jin's flags from her E persist for however long she's Frozen.
The bonus damage from Flying Cloud Flag Formation gets increased by DMG % bonuses. See Damage Formula for more details.
Flying Cloud Flag Formation can be extended by hitlag, including from hits by other characters.
Flying Cloud Flag Formation increases damage of all hits in multi-hit attacks.
Flying Cloud Flag Formation only affects affects attacks, passives and effects with the Normal Attack tag. NO EXCEPTIONS.
Yoimiya's Niwabi Fire-Dance's Blazing Arrow DMG increase does not increase Yun Jin's Cliffbreaker's Banner bonus.
Burning grass can trigger True to Oneself.
The DEF % increase does not apply to the hit that triggers the Crystallize.
Full Talent Values
Zero Damage Attacks
Properties of 0 Damage Attacks
Properties of 0 damage attacks:
They can apply elements and react. This comes with the associated ICD.
They can deal poise damage.
They don't do damage.
They can't CRIT. (Maybe?)
They generally don't have talent tags.
What are 0 damage attacks:
Some Skill activations. (Hu Tao E, Xingqiu Q, Yoimiya Q, Zhongli Q)
Some Skill's orbitals. (Barbara E, Xingqiu E/Q)
How do normal attacks turn into 0 damage attacks:
Attacks against shields. The kind that grant full damage nullification until broken. (Mitachurl shields, Abyss Mages, Lectors.)
What do these attacks still retain:
Attacks that are turned into 0 damage attacks retain their talent tags.
They can still CRIT.
Alt-dash with Summit
Alt-dash with Summit on Shields
They don't damage:
Alt-dash with Royal
Alt-dashes don't CRIT:
Xingqiu Q activation
Converted attacks retain tags
Converted attacks scoring CRIT hits:
Understanding how things that deal 0 damage interact with other things in the game.
Zero Damage Attacks
Zero damage attacks are attacks and abilities that deal zero damage to enemies or targets. Examples include attacks on immune enemies, attacks on shields that nullify all damage (e.g. Abyss Mage shield, Lector shield, Mitachurl shield), alternate sprints, certain parts of Elemental Skills and Bursts (e.g. Hu Tao Skill, Xingqiu Burst), and Elemental Skill orbitals (e.g. Xingqiu Skill and Burst, Barbara Skill).
For more information about the properties of these attacks, see the Vault entry.
Frame data - Google Sheets &
Burst frame data - Google Sheets
Press E: 2U - Imgur
Hold E: 1U - Imgur
Q: 4U - YouTube
Resonance from Zhongli's pillar and other Geo Constructs share ICD. - YouTube
Resonance and Burst share ICD. - YouTube
Resonance from the first pillar and C1 pillar share ICD. - YouTube
Pillar Pulse Range - Imgur
1.5 Abyss Tiles.
The radius range for construct resonance is 3 tiles (meaning the distance of a construct from a pillar that will resonate).
Pillar placement is 1 Abyss Tile in front of Zhongli - Imgur
Pillar pulses suffer from FPS dependence, it triggers 15 times at 60 FPS and 14 times at 59 FPS or lower. - Google Sheets
Construct Resonance Mechanics
Construct resonance hits as many times as there are constructs
Video: With 1 Stele and 2 Geo Constructs, there are 3 instances of geo damage on the ruin guard per pulse
The greater the number of Geo Constructs on the field the more damage resonance will deal (of course counting on the fact that each resonance hits the target)
The resonance produced by each Stele is independent of each other.
This was tested using two steles and one Geo Construct. As can be seen clearly from the targetless example, the Geo Construct pulses twice in 2s - once for each Stele.
This is further shown in the example with a target. There are two Steles present, A and B as well as one Geo Construct C. As shown, the pulses AC and BC hit separately in a 2s window, each doing two instances of damage for a total of 4 instances of damage in 2s.
This shows that with C1 Zhongli or during Co-Op, the presence of more than one Zhongli pillar allows more resonance damage within a given window. With b being the resonance damage with one Stele in one 2s window and n being the number of steeles, the total resonance damage would be nb.
In other words having two pillars from C1 will double the damage from resonance.
Zhongli RES Shred Lingers
Zhongli's shield RES Shred lingers for a bit after it breaks/ends.
Zhongli's shred can last for more hits of Xingqiu's Rain Swords/Beidou procs/Fischl, etc. if it breaks/ends early
Zhongli RES Shred Range
The range of Zhongli's Resistance Shred is approximately 3 Abyss tiles.
Can help players prevent DPS loss when playing ranged units.
Zhongli Pillar Snapshot
Zhongli Stele Snapshot Mechanics.
At C0, holding E after getting the buff does not update the snapshot state of an existing pillar on the field.
(eg. Pillar exists > Gets buffed > Hold E > Doesn't update the state of pillar with buffed stats).
At C1, steles are snapshotted upon cast, thus snapshots individually. It is possible to have two steles that are buffed and unbuffed at the same time.
Further understanding of Stone Steles.
Zhongli E and Tenacity Snapshot Shenanigans
4TotM (+20% ATK) does not affect the Tap E or Hold E that procs it, because Zhongli E Snapshots. Neither the Stone Stele nor the Resonance DMG is buffed by 4TotM.
Tenacity's effect states that:
When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, the ATK of all nearby party members is increased by 20% and their Shield Strength is increased by 30% for 3s. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5s. This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.
Zhongli Stats (without 4TotM):
Geo DMG: 28.8%
Level 80 ZL, Level 85 enemy 10% RES
Hold E damage: (431136%+1.9%35407)(1+28.8%)0.90.49 = 719.7
Tap E damage: (43127.20%+1.9%35407)(1+28.8%)0.90.49 = 451.6
Resonance damage: (43154.40%+1.9%35407)(1+28.8%)0.90.49 = 518.6
Resonance w/RES Shred damage: (43154.40%+1.9%35407)(1+28.8%)1.050.49 = 605.0
4TotM didn't apply to either of these:
Understand how Zhongli E and Tenacity interact, which affects the calculation for rotations, specifically microwave comps.
Geo Construct Test
Zhongli's Stone Stele can resonate with the Rock Pillars created by a Geo Samachurl, but it does not resonate with the Rock Spikes they use to attack.
Rock Pillars refer to the pillars Geo Samachurls use to gain higher ground and create shockwaves. Rock Spikes refer to the Geo attack channeled by a Geo Samachurl that looks like a construct.
Resonates with the Rock Pillars
Does not resonante with the Rock Spikes
Zhongli's Stone Stele can resonate with enemy Geo Constructs. This mechanic can be used to test whether an object is a Geo Construct regardless of whether it's an allied or enemy construct.
Rock Spikes are not Geo Constructs. This ability cannot be abused to extend the resonance from Zhongli's Stone Stele.
Zhongli Construct Height Placement Shenanigans
Zhongli's Geo Construct placement seems to have a specific height difference past which it will not place the pillar at the lower level and instead just destroy it.
Knowing more about Geo Construct spawn conditions at different heights.
Zhongli's Pillars Attract Enemies' Hyperbloom
Zhongli's pillars can attract enemies' Hyperbloom, other Geo Constructs do not work.
Zhongli E: YouTube
Ningguang E: YouTube
GMC E: YouTube
GMC Q: YouTube
Albedo E: Imgur
Geo Archon will always protect us, in many ways.
Stone Stele Mechanics
Zhongli's particle generation is subject to an Internal Cooldown (ICD) of 1.5s. (For reference, the Resonance frequency is 2s.)
Depending on the state of the ICD, the following will happen after each Elemental Skill hit:
A) If on ICD, no particle will be generated.
B) If not on ICD, one or no Geo Particles will be generated with equal probability (50%:50%), after which the ICD will go into effect.
All types of Elemental Skill hits can generate Elemental Particles (Tap E initial, Hold E initial, Stone Stele Resonance, and Nearby Construct Resonance). However, all of them share the particle ICD. When there are two Steles (C1+), they also share this ICD.
In co-op, the particle ICD is not shared by different players who use Zhongli.
Particle generation requires server confirmation of Elemental Skill hits. With high ping, there is a noticeable delay between hits and particle generation, but it seems that this doesn't change the overall particle generation rate.
The particle ICD is a modifier that is applied to all the current Stone Steles that Zhongli owns not to Zhongli himself.
Zhongli's Elemental Skill hits that occur during disconnection from the server do not deal damage after reconnection and neither do they generate particles.
Stone Steles are able to experience hitlag after being hit by attacks that have hitlag.
Particles are generated underground and at the base of the Stone Stele that owns the particle.
Resonance and Nearby Construct Resonance attacks are released at the same time. Also, the damage from these attacks is dealt over all of its AoE at once, even though the attacks appear to be traveling waves.
The particle generation rate is the exact same (i.e., 0.5 particles per 2s) regardless of how many Stone Steles, opponents, or nearby Constructs there are. Still, these factors can indirectly increase the particle generation rate. For example, having nearby Constructs means that the AoE of the attacks is larger. This makes the attacks less likely to miss their hits, which can result in an effectively higher particle generation rate compared to the one for a standalone Stele.
There's an exception to the above rule that can generate extra particles: by scoring an Elemental Skill hit during the small time window where the particle ICD is not in effect (i.e., between 1.5s and 2.0s after another hit), the frequency of hits that can generate particles is increased. For example, spamming tap E with Zhongli with the right timings can result in slightly more particles per second, though this is highly impractical.
When there are two Stone Steles (C1+), there's the phenomenon of owning particles and ownership switches. In general, the Stele to hit the first will own all future particles, i.e., the particles will originate from that Stele. The ownership can switch from the first to the second Stele if the first one misses a hit or if the second one is placed during the ICD downtime (i.e., between 1.5s and 2.0s after a hit from the first Stele).
If a Stone Stele experiences hitlag, so will all the modifiers applied to it, which includes Resonance frequency and particle ICD.
Zhongli Q Doesn't Shatter
Zhongli's Burst, Planet Befall, does not shatter Frozen enemies. It also prevents enemies from being frozen while petrified, as well as preventing them from being shattered.
You don't get extra physical damage when using Burst in freeze teams.
A1: Resonant Waves
Fortify gets procced by Aura Checks. - YouTube - Beast
Zhongli's Ascension 1 broken down
Credits to for helping me figure out how this works.
Zhonglis' A1, Resonant Waves, buffs up Jade Shield by 5% after damage calculation occurs.
If we take a Zhongli with Talent 8 Dominus Lapidis, and 16201 MAX HP, we get a Jade Shield that has 8443.45 Absorption.
Scenario 1: Calculations
A level 85 Ruin Guard with my Zhongli's DEF deals 1409 Damage per Rocket hit.
If the +5% buff applies after the damage calculation, then the Jade Shield should fully absorb 6 rockets, and only sustain 302 damage.
If the +5% buff applies during damage calculation, then Jade Shield should fully absorb 7 rockets, with ~885 remaining Shield HP.
As we can see in this video, Zhongli was able to fully absorb 6 rockets, losing his shield at the 7th rocket and sustaining direct damage.
Further Evidence: Let's take another example, Zhongli this time has 9570 Base Shield Absorption. A single swing from a level 85 Ruin Guard will hit for 3388 Damage.
If the +5% Shield Bonus is applied after damage calculation, then Jade Shield should full absorb two swings, breaking at the third and sustaining 137 damage: Calculations
If the +5% Shield Bonus is applied during damage calculation, then Jade Shield should fully absorb 3 hits with 364 Shield Strength remaining: Calculations
We can see that Zhongli's Jade Shield was able to fully absorb 2 swings, with the third swing breaking his shield and dealing 143 damage to him.
In case you can't tell how many swings actually hit Zhongli, if the shield fully absorbed 3 hits, then in the case where the +5% Fortification is applied during damage step, Zhongli should sustain ~3k direct damage from the instance the shield breaks, no matter what hit it was. Clearly, he took 143 direct damage from the hit that broke Jade Screen.
On a side note, recasting Jade Screen before it breaks will reset the Fortification bonus back to 0.
This allows for more accurate Zhongli shield calculations, as well as any future characters with a similar mechanic.
Zhongli A1 Has No/Negligible ICD
Finding: Zhongli's A1 Passive has either no ICD or an extremely negligible one
Video: Walked into Dendro samachurl burn and immediately checked character window to see shield strength maxed
Zhongli's shield is ridiculously effective against DoT as it stacks immediately to maximum.
Zhongli A1 Persists on Swap
Zhongli's shield tech
Shield Strength gained from A4 persists upon swap
However, it does not persist upon refresh.
2b. Above also applies if it's refreshes from C2.
Shield Strength gained from A4 persists upon swap Imgur
Shield Strength doesn't persist upon refresh Imgur
Shield Strength doesn't persist upon C2 refresh Imgur
C1: Rock, the Backbone of Earth
C1 pillars pulse independently from the first pillars. - YouTube
C2: Stone, the Cradle of Jade
Zhongli C2 Mechanics
Zhongli C2 affects his own Burst when casting as do the 15% DMG bonus from Geo Resonance but not the Geo resistance down unless it is applied first.
This video shows the damage of his Burst in specific circumstances
Burst with shield already applied: 48k
Burst with no shield: 48k
Burst with Geo resonance and no shield: 52k
Burst with Geo resonance and shield: 52k
Burst with Geo resonance shield and RES down: 57k
The shield is formed at the end of the Burst animation.
For the highest damage apply the Geo RES down before pressing Burst.
C6: Chrysos, Bounty of Dominator
Healing is not procced by environmental damage. - YouTube
Healing is not procced by corrosion. - YouTube
Healing proc has no ICD. - YouTube
Healing does count for Clam set. - Vault Entry
Fischl C6 does not always Proc on Zhongli's first Normal Attack
Fischl C6 does not always proc on Zhongli's first normal attack. When chaining multiple Zhongli attack sequences together, after the first sequence, the C6 does not proc on the first normal of the subsequent sequences.
https://youtu.be/hEXbDqPtfo, as we can see Zhongli's first normal attack in the second and third attack sequence does not proc a Fischl C6 proc
Pausing between sequences (https://youtu.be/QmN3a94XPBI), and dash canceling after the sequence (https://youtu.be/JBQUbJp0hks) seems to avoid the problem and the C6 proc occurs as normal.
Allows for more accurate DPS calculations when using Zhongli and C6 Fischl together.
4 TOM Passive on Zhongli Procs With Other Geo Constructs
4pc TotM passive can be triggered by other Geo Constructs when it is in range of Zhongli's pillar
Test with Geo MC
Test with Albedo
Test with Ningguang
This make triggering the 4-Piece TotM passive easier with Zhongli when playing with other Geo characters
A mysterious expert contracted by the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Extremely knowledgeable in all things.
Full Zhongli Written Guide
Zhongli Mains Discord
If the target is more than 2 meters away.
MV/s are calculated using the shortest possible frames without any animation cancels, for different cancels see below.
Zhongli's string has no hitlag on the spear kick (N5).
Zhongli's attack string does not always interact with C6 Fischl on his first attack.
How Zhongli's spearkick hits trigger Echoes of an Offering differs depending on the tester. For more information see this Vault Entry.
Zhongli's spearkick combos can fail to proc Echoes after 7, 8, or even 9 hits.
For more testing results with Zhongli, see the following Vault Entries:
On cast, Stone Stele is placed 1 Abyss Tile in front of Zhongli.
Hits that resonate from other Geo Constructs still proc the 4-Piece Tenacity of the Millelith set.
Stone Steles are considered Geo Constructs that can be used to block attacks, or climb.
Resonance can overlap to deal multiple instances of damage.
Stone Steles resonate independently and with Geo Constructs from enemies, but they do not resonate with each other.
The range for the resistance shred is ~3 Abyss tiles.
At C0, Hold E does not re-snapshot an existing pillar; at C1 each Stone Stele snapshots on cast, meaning it's possible to have 1 unbuffed Stone Stele and 1 buffed Stone Stele at the same time.
4TotM does not increase the damage of the Stone Stele that procs the effect, because Stone Stele snapshots.
Stone Stele will not be placed and will be destroyed instead when Zhongli is standing on a high platform.
The RES Shred lingers for a bit after it breaks/ends.
Resonances have a range of 1.5 Abyss Tiles, and the range for resonating with other Geo Constructs is 3 tiles.
Resonance ICD from Stone Steles is shared with other Geo Constructs, C1 Stone Stele, and Planet Befall.
The amount of Resonance ticks depends on FPS. For more information see this Vault Entry.
Stone Steles can attract the Sprawling Shots when enemies trigger Hyperbloom, saving the player from a hit.
Zhongli's particle generation is subject to an Internal Cooldown (ICD) of 1.5s. (For reference, the Resonance frequency is 2s.)
Depending on the state of the ICD, the following will happen after each Elemental Skill hit:
A) If on ICD, no particle will be generated.
B) If not on ICD, one or no Geo Particles will be generated with equal probability (50%:50%), after which the ICD will go into effect.
All types of Elemental Skill hits can generate Elemental Particles (Tap E initial, Hold E initial, Stone Stele Resonance, and Nearby Construct Resonance). However, all of them share the particle ICD. When there are two Steles (C1+), they also share this ICD.
In co-op, the particle ICD is not shared by different players who use Zhongli.
Particle generation requires server confirmation of Elemental Skill hits. With high ping, there is a noticeable delay between hits and particle generation, but it seems that this doesn't change the overall particle generation rate.
The particle ICD is a modifier that is applied to all the current Stone Steles that Zhongli owns not to Zhongli himself.
Zhongli's Elemental Skill hits that occur during disconnection from the server do not deal damage after reconnection and neither do they generate particles.
Stone Steles are able to experience hitlag after being hit by attacks that have hitlag.
Particles are generated underground and at the base of the Stone Stele that owns the particle.
Resonance and Nearby Construct Resonance attacks are released at the same time. Also, the damage from these attacks is dealt over all of its AoE at once, even though the attacks appear to be traveling waves.
Planet Befall's ICD is shared with Stone Stele's damage.
Zhongli's Burst has 190 idle i-frames (3.2s).
Zhongli's Burst cannot shatter Frozen enemies. It also prevents Freeze when enemies are Petrified.
This Shield Strength increase occurs after damage is calculated.
There is no observable ICD on obtaining Shield Strength stacks.
Persists upon swap but not upon refresh.
Fortify gets triggered by Aura Checks.
Steles resonate independently and do not resonate with each other.
C1 Stone Stele shares ICD with the other Stone Stele.
The shield is visually granted after the Burst, but all shield bonuses are active for the Burst damage.
Healing is not triggered by environmental damage or Corrosion.
Healing does not have an ICD.
Healing triggers 4-Piece Ocean-Hued Clam.
Full Talent Values
Theory/Finding: Zoom in for a 5-Star Elemental Burst and similar Elemental Bursts will not occur when there is potential clipping due to interference with another object.
Many characters have a primary camera that normally tracks them and a secondary camera that manages the zoom in phase of the Elemental Burst. In order to detect collisions, the secondary camera casts a short ray in the direction of the character. If that ray collides with an object besides the character, it will switch to the primary camera in order to prevent clipping. Programmers can use layers to select what objects to ignore. If the secondary camera is within another object, such as behind a wall, raycasting won't register any collision and will return a null value. In which case, a ray in the opposite direction is cast in order to detect collisions and the camera will switch to the primary camera if collisions are detected.
Details on Raycasting
Frames before recovery with Zoom Cancel: These match exactly with ult dash cancel frames from Robin's sim.
Hu Tao: 101
Wake of Earth
Geo Samachurl pillars
Cryo Samachurl pillar
Geo Hypostasis pillar
Standing in shallow water.
Significance: A reliable way to cancel certain 5-Star and 4-Star zoom ins. Looks very stylish. This allows mobile users to continuously input a dash during the active frames of an ultimate, allowing them to more easily dash cancel. This also disproves the myth that cancelling the zoom in of the Elemental Burst decreases the duration of the Elemental Burst, and explains why zoom in cancel happens.
Why don't mobs work in general? It could be because of their hitbox. The ray that's cast is not a large ray, so having a spherical collider/hitbox that's larger than the mob goes a long way in preventing 90% of collisions. The secondary camera is probably not attached to a rigid body because I've seen clipping through mobs before. In videos, I've seen like 1 zoom cancel off of a mob. It's in the speedrun video, and it probably happens because the dead mitachurl is an object that collides with the secondary camera ray. If you watch carefully you might see the same thing that I see.
Clipping can still happen with this process of raycasting because the ray casting process calculates a small window before the camera even moves, leaving some room for error.
The other more likely explanation of why mobs don't proc zoom cancels is that most active mobs are ignored in the raycasting process, through a filter but that the developers forgot to include stuff like elements of the mobs that are children such as the dead mobs and missiles like that or don't include it in the filter by design.
Zoom cancel in water can't be completely explained by raycasting, but it makes sense to detect if a character is standing in water while doing their Elemental Burst in order to prevent clipping. Most raycasting programs ignore water because water usually doesn't have a defined hitbox. Detecting if a character is standing in water is much easier than raycasting as well. Standing in water in order to cancel the zoom seems to be a recent development. There seems to be an exception with Mona's ability to zoom cancel in water, because her Elemental Burst includes water.
Does it increase DPS? The answer is that hitlag adjusted frame counts are the same with or without zoom cancel. Mobile players can still use touch controls if they zoom cancel. There is no difference for PC or controller players.
Zoom canceling makes use of how the camera works to prevent it from zooming in during certain Elemental Bursts. Characters with zoom-in effects during their Elemental Bursts can skip this by standing near walls/terrain or Geo Constructs. This does not affect DPS, but can help with situational awareness and helps mobile players have an easier time with controls.
More technically, many characters have a primary camera that normally tracks them and a secondary camera that manages the zoom-in phase of the Elemental Burst. In order to detect collisions, the secondary camera casts a short ray in the direction of the character. If that ray collides with an object besides the character, it will switch to the primary camera in order to prevent clipping. Programmers can use layers to select what objects to ignore. If the secondary camera is within another object, such as behind a wall, raycasting won't register any collision and will return a null value. In which case, a ray in the opposite direction is cast in order to detect collisions and the camera will switch to the primary camera if collisions are detected.
